<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_14" title="Tuesday, April 14, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_14" title="Tuesday, April 14, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, April 14, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: BECOMING AN EXPERT IN WHAT MATTERS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Woods and Banks by W. H. Davies</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I see my dad first, while seeing unconditionally. Beautiful.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today, the cuckoo day, the most famous sound alarm clocks make. Just by the knowledge of this, I learn every day from my daily poem listening and stoic devotionals. Like how today’s input is about actually knowing what matters in life and giving it attention.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from a book I skimmed through <strong>Creating Characters: How to Build Story People</strong>: <i> In essence, boredom, I discovered (though it’s hardly a tremendous or unique insight), is a conflict state, in which duty, conditioning, or some other element demands you do one thing, when consciously or otherwise, you want to be doing something else.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Excerpt from the fore-mentioned book, touching on the recent drop in output in my musical compositions: <i> The well, of course, is your own head. Your brain. Your consciousness. Your imagination. You’ve drained it of things that interest and intrigue you. Or, to put it another way, you’ve used the same story elements too often: the same ideas, the same settings, the same twists and complications, the same characters.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Avoiding circumlocution is a dream, it’s been my reason for keeping a dictionary, and another reason for imposing on myself the daily write-ups in my journal.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         John Herschel Glenn Jr. Made the first orbital rocket-powered flight by a United States astronaut in 1962; later in United States Senate (1921-).</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>