<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_30" title="Thursday, April 30, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_30" title="Thursday, April 30, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, April 30, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: WHAT IS IN KEEPING WITH YOUR CHARACTER?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Facing It by Yusef Komunyakaa</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today the 30<sup>th</sup> of April 1975, fourty-five years ago today, Sygone, the capital of South Vietnam was captured, and its allies — the United States — defeated by the Northern forces of Vietnam in an event known historically as the fall of the Sygone, ending the Vietnam war, a conflict which had raged on for nearly 20 years, ending more than 4 million lives. Today’s poem is drawn from the memorial of the Vietnamese veterans honouring the soldiers who lost their lives.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Well the unimportant fact of my total music videos folder been 6.66GB, I’d also like to add the fact that the music video of Trevor Daniel with my manager in at the back reading a book, is almost like an allusion to the principle of the Buddhist when he speaks on how the enlightened stays focused on the world within, away from the back dance of Shiva, you get it?</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         From today’s devotional, this elucidation wraps the concept of what it means to be a stoic, further drawing on the piece, Desiderata by Max Ehrmann from the 28<sup>th</sup> .<strong> </strong>A clear cut out column of this year’s direction. It is easy to get wrapped up in our own opinions of things. It’s as if we’re adhering to invisible scripts—following instructions or patterns we don’t even understand. The more you question these scripts and the more you subject them to the rigorous test of your education, the more you’ll be your own compass. You’ll have convictions and thoughts that are your own and belong to no one else.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Character is a powerful defence in a world that would love to be able to seduce you, buy you, tempt you, and change you. If you know what you believe and why you believe it, you’ll avoid poisonous relationships, toxic jobs, fair-weather friends, and any number of ills that afflict people who haven’t thought through their deepest concerns. That’s your education. That’s why you do this work.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>