<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_11" title="Saturday, April 11, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_11" title="Saturday, April 11, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, April 11, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: IF YOU WANT TO LEARN, BE HUMBLE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: In Time of ‘The Breaking of Nations’ by Thomas Hardy</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I need to work on focus, especially during work.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> Cultural inventions vary widely in their sophistication from society to society; within a society, the inventions are generally at the same level of sophistication</i> . This is an allusion to the current disposition I am in after the continuous disintegrating of methodological states of being. In all these, I remain functional and progressive, an affirmation of the statement above; my culture being alien.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         You don’t win without taking a beating.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> . . . was to see if his neural systems could be shaped by patterned, repetitive experience in a safe and predictable environment</i> . </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from a reading of Al Hirschfeld daily rituals “<i> Very often, when an assignment is difficult, he can’t fall asleep until the artistic problem is solved, or he dreams about various ways of designing his drawing,” she wrote in 1999. “Now that’s what I call a hard worker! Even his subconscious doesn’t give him any time off. The next morning, holding onto that dream, he rises at first light and races to his drawing board to jot down all those nocturnal notions.</i>  ”</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>