<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_2" title="Thursday, April 2, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_2" title="Thursday, April 2, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, April 2, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: BE WARY OF WHAT YOU LET IN</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Walrus and the Carpenter by Lewis Carroll</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The only reason, language still stands in the way of cognition is the inability of rest on the laurels of the bolsters of objectivity.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         Avoid the grinding halt of generalization, the void of context. Language is incomprehensible of knowledge in this nature.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         I was thinking and realized that, if I get to create my own AI; which I will soon, I might as well take a bin of dead information and dispose it in my AI’s cognitive learning table, if I plan on indexing the internet. The real aim should be to impose a strict learning scheme that aims at understanding my cognitive process through language that maps the sequence of detailed pragmatic thought.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         I think the principle or the inclination to ideologies like <i> unconditional love</i>  are synonymous to “regardless of what you do I’ll hate you.”</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         The idea of negating meaning leads to the loss of value. I think the Yoruba tribe’s culture is a nihilistic one, upheld on the guise of myths that are taking literally. A problem of diffused misinformation? An orphic adaption? This takes me to the point in memory—anachronistic, from my benightedness—peculiar of its customs, when a colleague from university, his dad tells me sorry for being a Yoruba native. Now I get the idea, it’s reflected in the demotic expressions of the language. </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         I have been so jaded, it’s weird. I haven’t read in a while.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
