<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_19" title="Sunday, April 19, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_19" title="Sunday, April 19, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, April 19, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: OUR SPHERE OF IMPULSES</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Concord Hymn Ralph by Waldo Emerson</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today’s devotional draws on the importance of curtailing the impulses, serving the common good and acknowledging the universality of wisdom regardless of caste, an epithet every good leader should imbibe. In detail today’s devotion implores that in our lives—whether we’re experiencing great power or powerlessness—it’s critical to leave room for what may happen and keep the common good and the actual worth of things front and centre. And, above all, be willing to learn from anyone and everyone, regardless of their station in life.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Lexington and Concord, the first battle of the American Revolution (April 19, 1775).</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Avoid people looking for confrontation, remember curtail your impulses. Not doing so forebodes destruction.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         So I realised I virtue signal a lot, well am sorry, I’ll do better.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Madness is something rare in individuals, but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>