<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_24" title="Friday, April 24, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_24" title="Friday, April 24, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, April 24, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: A PRODUCTIVE USE FOR CONTEMPT</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Incident of the French Camp by Robert Browning</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I feel like I’ll be dying soon, I don’t know when, but I feel I will be going soon, you leave once, I’ll be leaving soon.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of the book Cult X, alluding the premise of the prime possibility of contempt being productive: <i> There’s no need to worry about this in your day-to-day life. Besides, it might all just be erroneous scientific conclusions. However, if you ever find yourself questioning your consciousness, thinking, “Maybe I’m not actually deciding anything,” or “Maybe I’m really just a spectator,” then the clashes within your ego, the fights, and wars, appear truly hilarious. You may be able to see your wallowing (and don’t worry, wallowing itself is a good thing!) from a different perspective. You could think to yourself, “Ah, my brain is upset again! This collection of atoms is such a pain!” And then one thing becomes clear: how unbelievably incredible the system of the brain that produces “consciousness” is. One hundred something million neurons working nonstop at unbelievable speeds and intensities. Any being with that sort of system of consciousness within itself is truly incredible. Without consciousness and “me,” the brain wouldn’t be able to grasp its own functioning. In other words, it’s the same as saying you are your brain. And when I say “you are your brain,” both “you” and “your brain” are unique.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>