<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_8" title="Wednesday, April 8, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_8" title="Wednesday, April 8, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, April 8, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: THE COST OF ACCEPTING COUNTERFEITS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Home-Thoughts from Abroad from Robert Browning</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s devotional reading: <i> The point of this metaphor is to highlight how much effort we put into making sure money is real, whereas we accept potentially life-changing thoughts or assumptions without so much as a question. One ironic assumption along these lines: that having a lot of money makes you wealthy. Or that because a lot of people believe something, it must be true. </i> I should be reminded of how over the past few months I’ve been attacked throughout the clock, pushing me to a wall of annihilation, annihilation of not just life, this being the last in the gradient of the destructive process set in motion. I have lost proper expression of my cognitive processes, my thoughts hampered by the constant brainwashing, and inducing of hypnotic states that produce awareness of a <i> self;</i>  suggested, as not worked on by self, the constant deliberate mass action of hindering any form of progress as an individual, of the individual.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I have become chafe from having to wait for the visa appointment, it’s been months now, waiting for the online portal registration, amidst all the lies, I have chosen to keep aloof, in the event of things not working out fine, I have plans. Real plans.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Intelligence is beautiful in all its mystery and misery. Its ever complex intertwines of intricate detail is a glimpse at the ever non ending halls of heaven.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In a culture without rich literature, devoid of history - relative to civilization - cognition is seated on direct experience, discerning of the perceptual horizon, a myth outside of the collective experience. Without a new experience, there can be no growth. A very possibility is a race of identical individuals with little to no arbitrary difference, outside the physiological. Examining the expressions of beings shouldn’t be taken outside of the domain of thought origin, impulse and backgrounds like profession, family. This being a subculture diagnosis. This could be a clan problem, one of habitual hard drug abuse. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In today’s poem by Robert Browning, he slates his writing with, quoting: “little children’s dower, far brighter than this gaudy melon flower.” I think this is an allusion to the preferential choice of the civilized world of economics over nature. My expression being a bit vague.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         There’s some form of sympathy for self, when I read something insightful, almost like a resentment of my constant need to read, void of smug.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Atlas shrugged by Ayn Rand took thirteen years to write, she lives by the philosophy I quote: “<i> That I have no right to anything, except to run to my desk: No right to breathe, no right to live—that’s my attitude. You stop only when you’re ready to collapse. I imagine it’s like being pregnant: there is something alive that demands priority over everything; you’re under that pressure constantly.</i>  “</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In my night vision I saw young Adolf, and danced with war prisoners.</p>

    <p>It was in the early hours of the morning, a morning jarring wake had left me with nothing to do but to read a book, I picked my phone, swept through the list of available titles, hoping to go with something fresh and interesting, being a fervent scholar of the philosophical theories, I went for the book by <i> Jim Proser</i> , <i> The Savage Messiah</i> , an almost memoir-like, novel themed appraisal of the life of <i> Jordan B Peterson</i> .</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>