<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_26" title="Sunday, April 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_26" title="Sunday, April 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, April 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: THINGS HAPPEN IN TRAINING</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Into my Heart an Air that Kills by A. E. Housman</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Here is a profound insight, two points of view. One from a school of thought, a way of living — Stoicism. And an evolutionary perspective of instinctive response integrated with mythological discernment. The latter from a lecture on the biblical series: <i> Introduction to the idea of God</i>  by Professor Jordan B Peterson, the former from today’s stoic devotional. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Nature is beautiful. intelligence; beauty with direction. The latter suggest the use of attention and language to confront things that most threaten us. “<i> If there are things that upset — chaotic, terrible, serpentine, monstrous underworld things that threaten — the best thing is to open your eyes, get your speech organized, and go out and confront the thing, and make the world out of it — cancel out the upsetting object</i> .” My understanding of this view is the instinctive discernment of the archetypal problem using perceptual inference. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The other suggest, I paraphrase: “<i> When your sparring partner scratches or head-butts you, you don’t then make a show of it, or protest, or view him with suspicion or as plotting against you. And yet you keep an eye on him, not as an enemy or with suspicion, but with a healthy avoidance. You should act this way with all things in life. We should give a pass to many things with our fellow trainees. For, as I’ve said, it’s possible to avoid without suspicion or hate.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> By seeing each day and each situation as a kind of training exercise, the stakes suddenly become a lot lower. The way you interpret your own mistakes and the mistakes of others is suddenly a lot more generous. It’s certainly a more resilient attitude than going around acting like the stakes of every encounter put the championship on the line.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> When you catch an elbow or an unfair blow today, shake off the pain and remind yourself: I’m learning. My sparring partner is learning too. This is practice for both of us—that’s all. I know a bit more about him or her, and from my reaction, they’re going to learn a little bit more about me too.</i> ”</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         These two perspectives enjoin us on modes of reaction, a dichotomy of perception and action. I seem to be not just a practicing stoic but a budding philosopher.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Some quotes I found on a look-up of the name <strong>Vladimir Nabokov a </strong>Russian and American novelist, poet, translator, and entomologist:</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><i> You can always count on a murderer for a fancy prose style.</i> </p>

    <p><i> It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.</i> </p>

    <p><i> The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Some quotes from <strong>Jacques Lacan</strong></p>

    <p><i> What does it matter how many lovers you have if none of them gives you the universe?</i> </p>

    <p><i> The knowledge that there is a part of the psychic functions that are out of conscious reach, we did not need to wait for Freud to know this!</i> </p>

    <p><i> In other words, the man who is born into existence deals first with language; this is a given. He is even caught in it before his birth.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>