<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_19" title="Wednesday, August 19, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_19" title="Wednesday, August 19, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, August 19, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: CORRALLING THE UNNECESSARY</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Prologue by Patience Agbabi</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Changing</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Isn’t this what life is? A tad bit off normalcy, and all together weird. Well, I was listening to the Anthropocene podcast by John Green, the episode been <i> Indianapolis and Love at first sight</i> , and I must say I learned some of what the real—in quote—American life is like, Indianapolis being a model state or instance of this. What’s driven for this post is the pellucid serendipity—actually the two listeners who sent a mail, requesting to have these subjects reviewed; that is: Indianapolis, and Love at first sight. Listening to the first topic in reviewal, I could not but try to ebb back my thoughts from cascading in a domino of plausible events in the life of I and my love. Him talking about his lawn, and I thinking of my dread for laborious activities, but not willing to pass the buck if it means losing my girl. Yes, I know it’s a bit tripe, but enough of that. What’s mind boggling here is the fact that Indianapolis was suggested by Jessie, and love at first sight was suggested by Theo, huh? <strong>Jessie</strong> and <strong>Theo</strong>, really that’s some oddity, of all episodes, of all names? Okay, I guess I’m growing, I’m hearing voices, and now the world is some beautiful odyssey where I get my girl and we live forever after if I make the right choices. Great, I guess God isn’t so tyrant after all. What do you think? lol.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I posted a freestyle, sent it to Jessica, it’s named shitFreestyle on my computer, but it’s renamed “how vulnerable Jess” in my Google cloud drive.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>