<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_7" title="Friday, August 7, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_7" title="Friday, August 7, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, August 7, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: PRAGMATIC AND PRINCIPLED</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Meadow Mouse by Theodore Roethke</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Tears</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: IF YE LOVE ME BY THOMAS TALLIS (C. 1505–1585)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         This is a note on the disambiguation of the terms law and principle in its use: <i> Technically, in sciences, laws are predictions that are true. In reality, these laws are better classified as principles, which are true most of the time. However, the term law has stuck with these principles because they were established so long ago. So we will continue to refer to them as laws, even though technically they are not scientific laws.</i> </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         From an article on Gestalt psychology: <i> Gestalt psychologists argued that these principles exist because the mind has an </i> <strong><i> innate disposition to perceive patterns in the stimulus</i> </strong><i>  based on certain rules. These principles are organized into categories including: </i> <strong><i> Proximity</i> </strong><i> , </i> <strong><i> Similarity</i> </strong><i> , </i> <strong><i> Continuity</i> </strong><i> , </i> <strong><i> Closure</i> </strong><i> , </i> <strong><i> Common Region</i> </strong><i> , and </i> <strong><i> Connectedness</i> </strong><i> .</i>  I’m breaking down the <strong>principle of continuity</strong> for lack of an innate understanding of its workings.<i>  The law of continuity is a </i> <strong><i> heuristic principle</i> </strong><i>  introduced by Gottfried Leibniz based on earlier work by Nicholas of Cusa and Johannes Kepler. It is the principle that "</i> <strong><i> whatever succeeds for the finite, also succeeds for the infinite</i> </strong><i> ". Kepler used The Law of Continuity to calculate the area of the circle by representing the latter as an infinite-sided polygon with infinitesimal sides, and adding the areas of infinitely-many triangles with infinitesimal bases. Leibniz used the principle to extend concepts such as arithmetic operations, from ordinary numbers to infinitesimals, laying the groundwork for infinitesimal calculus. A mathematical implementation of the law of continuity is provided by the transfer principle in the context of the hyperreal numbers. A related law of continuity concerning intersection numbers in geometry was promoted by Jean-Victor Poncelet in his "Traité des propriétés projectives des figures".</i> </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         Kindly note that some of these principles can sometimes lead to incorrect perceptions of the world. It is important to remember that while these principles are referred to as laws of perceptual organization, they are actually heuristics or short-cuts. Heuristics are usually designed for speed, which is why our perceptual systems sometimes make mistakes and we experience perceptual inaccuracies.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>