<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_18" title="Tuesday, August 18, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_18" title="Tuesday, August 18, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, August 18, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: ONLY FOOLS RUSH IN</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Don’t Let That Horse by Lawrence Ferlinghetti</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Mourning Grace</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: SYMPHONY NO. 35 IN D MAJOR, K. 385 (‘HAFFNER’) 1: ALLEGRO CON SPIRITO BY WOLFGANG AMADEUS MOZART (1756–1791)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>
<p>         Wiayu was just one of several minnows of the underground incubation stage startups in Nigeria.</p>
                        <p>My thinking affects how I feel, which in turn affects my behaviour. I should never forget my discretion. The choice to not do what I want to do is what amounts to fear and confusion coming in. Jessica is carrying me along, promising not to ever let me go. I love her for she’s not only herself, she’s helped me be myself back. I’m so tapped into what matters to me right now, no one outside of me has the ability or right to tell me what is right for me. I’m done sacrificing that choice to anyone else. No one is more important in my life than me. I will honour my own commitment to my own dreams first and foremost giving my 100% of me; self, the version of me that is in alignment with what I desire. Nothing is being done to me, everything is being done by me. I’m free, one thought, one feeling, one choice at a time of what to give my priceless focus to. My days begin to take on a new form of energy, a new sort of quality, saying yes to things that energize me and begin to politely and firmly decline things that take energy from me. My days begin to shift, morph, and become a clearer more accurate representation of my own purpose, path, and plan.</p><p>Now all that is left is for me to enjoy this feeling, this remembrance of my own power; always there, every second, breath, heartbeat, my power to choose remains.</p><p>         </p><p><i> Cull from Jesse Elder’ Podcast -- Creating Time Abundance</i> </p>
                        <p>         I hope to always remain with a vantage point that is incisive and objective.</p>
                        <p>         An excerpt from my current reading of the article: Animal cognition, it explains the idea of the common remark of the game-mind: <i> Parastitch</i> , simply translated as “he can’t be any different, that’s his permanent state.”</p><p>         <i> For example, when monkeys watched as two eggplants were placed behind a screen, they looked longer when the screen was removed and only one eggplant was present than when two eggplants were present. Monkeys may have spent more time looking at the incorrect outcome because it surprisingly violated the rules of arithmetic. But, the results of such studies may be explained in terms of the infants’ and monkeys’ </i> <strong><i> understanding of object permanence</i> </strong><i> : organisms can keep track of </i> <strong><i> occluded objects</i> </strong><i>  and when one object unexpectedly appears or disappears, they are surprised; no real arithmetic ability is required in that case. </i> Now who is stunned and mortified?</p><p><br/></p>
                        <p>         Primacy and recency are two serial position effects—contingents—in memory formation and retention.</p>
    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
