<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_14" title="Friday, August 14, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_14" title="Friday, August 14, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, August 14, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: THIS ISN’T FOR FUN. IT’S FOR LIFE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> Macbeth by William Shakespeare</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Let's Majeste</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The only thing that matters now is me getting it right. I wake up twenty-five minutes ago with lingering night visions, I’m in a trap-house smoking hard drugs, It’s a very hostile environment. The dream isn’t very vivid, far from eidetic, but there are fragments of images left, I’ll be recording them in the <i> night vision </i> bar. I haven’t recorded any in a while now, it’s strictly a thing of laziness, as I have stopped smoking weed—nothing holding me back—making them commonplace in my mornings.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s a sad narrative, what my life will be if I don’t take charge of my story, I have been away from my journal, and my daily rituals, only having access to my devotional through a mobile phone, a device with enough problems of its own. The reason for this input is to draw attention to the last day’s entry; a poem from Maya Angelou, where I mistook the title of <i> Accident </i> for <i> Tonight</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The word <i> accident </i> has been used on several occasions to describe the psychological phenomenon of psychosis, this being a repetitive occurrence in the constant jabberwocky assault. I have chosen not to record any of it in my journal as the nomenclature of the “game-mind” is something I have chosen not to dabble with as I thought it was unnecessary. Moving forward I think in my leisure time, I’ll be doing a disambiguation of the terms, stating clearly what I infer from the commonly used words, phrases and even some of the concepts and what I should, saving my cognition any hampering to its workings. I must admit in shame that I wish not to take on this.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Drawing from the last input, my words on the nomenclature of the perceived “game-mind”. The word <i> Ajebutter</i>  and its origin, based on what I know from a google search; it meaning a brand of butter sold to the <i> elite </i> and also what it stands for now: a superior race or class of Yorubas. Ah, so funny. To me, all I see it as, is a weak way of hiding the frailty of the inability of a people to deal with their insecurities, their shortcomings, an almost waning whine of defeat at something so rudimentary and important. It begs the question: what makes for a civilized society?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I despise my choice of words and attempts at marshalling my train of thoughts. I have been away too long from journaling, it has affected my spewing, my dexterity, my austerity, my formality and audacity, crippling my eloquent demeanour of perceived “<i> compelling</i> ”.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Will it take my own death to be cognizant of my own life, my life as a whole?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Jessica posted a song it’s called May 1<sup>st</sup> by Beach Fossils, after listening I decided to search for a song of May 23<sup>rd</sup> since May 1<sup>st</sup> is hers. It returned a couple of results and I went with the first entry in the song bar, it was a piano <i> fingering</i> . After listening, I scrolled down and found a podcast entry in its section, I decided to look it up as its name is interesting, it’s titled The Left Right Game.    </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>Downloading and listening, as I have just started, barely three full minutes in as I type in this entry, it starts with an auto-crash of the protagonist, I guess. He is bedridden, his doctor comes in as he’d been out up until now. He’s taking notes and he ask what day it is . . . It’s <i> Friday, erm . . .</i>  It’s Friday today and I didn’t know it was Thursday up until late yesterday night. Another thing of interest is my last tweet, on which says Tawny and Beige no archives @itsjessandrea &lt;put smiling face smiley here&gt;. Next thing I’m on Charli XCX’s Instagram page and it’s the day—Thursday—she’s having her Live remote show and it’s no archives—she isn’t archiving, no replays fam— and the first clip on her story’s timeline is from a fan, some <i> Beigesandal</i> . Okay . . . I’m not into Pythagorean and all but hey! That hella makes me feel good . . . oh, oh not forgetting that In my freestyle the one I sent to Jessica last, where I discovered the phrase “keep unlocking my beige”, there is another where I say “why I gotta go out of my way just to let you feel how I feel.” Her latest album she threw a listening party for—How I’m feeling now. And the cream to the coffee . . . Yes, the <i> protagonist </i> had an accident, the last poem form Maya Angelou in my daily entry is <i> accident</i> . The one mistaken for tonight. It’s all a bit vague but it’s a fine ball of strings.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from my reading of today of the course on Skepticism: In his book Immortality: <i> The Quest to Live Forever and How It Drives Civilization, the British philosopher Stephen Cave calls this the mortality paradox: “Death presents itself as both inevitable and impossible,” he suggests. We see it all around us, yet “it involves the end of consciousness, and we cannot consciously simulate what it is like to not be conscious.”</i>  isn’t life a beautiful paradox. An almost wanton enigma, depends on where you look at it from.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Another excerpt paraphrased is: <i> Given that our normal experience is of stimuli coming into the brain from the outside, when a part of the brain abnormally generates hallucinations caused by another part of the brain; low activity in the posterior superior parietal lobe, a region of the brain authors have dubbed the orientation association area (OAA) —quite possibly the left-hemisphere interpreter described by neuroscientist Michael Gazzaniga—interprets them as external events. Hence, the abnormal is interpreted as supernormal.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> A final piece of evidence comes from research by neuroscientists who have now documented that in the brains of people undergoing hallucinations, the same sensory perceptual systems become active </i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><i> as those engaged in the sensation of actual physical stimulation. As the great neurologist Dr. Oliver Sacks notes in his many remarkable books, all such experiences reside in the brain, not in the world.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><i> Belief in the afterlife is a type of dualism. Because we are natural-born dualists who intuitively believe that our minds are separate from our brains and bodies, the afterlife is the logical step in projecting our own mind-agency into the future without our bodies.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from the last chapter:<i>  Even with all these precautions in place, any of us may end up believing weird things, even while being rational and scientific in other areas of our lives. The reason for this has to do with what we might call logic-tight compartments—modules in the brain analogous to watertight compartments in a ship. The existence of compartmentalized brain functions, acting in either concert or conflict, has been a core idea of evolutionary psychology since the 1990s. According to University of Pennsylvania evolutionary psychologist Robert Kurzban, the brain evolved as a modular, multitasking, problem-solving organ—a Swiss army knife of practical tools. There is no unified “self” that generates internally consistent and seamlessly coherent beliefs. Instead, we are a collection of distinct but interacting modules that are often at odds with one another.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>Some quotes:</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p><strong>Carl Sagan</strong> <i> Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Christopher Hitchens</strong> <i> What can be asserted without evidence can also be dismissed without evidence.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>David Hume’s </strong><i> A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Skeptic Motto </strong><i> I don’t know.” We don’t have to have an explanation for everything.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Isaac Asimov </strong><i> When people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Richard Dawkins </strong><i> When two opposite points of view are expressed with equal intensity, the truth does not necessarily lie exactly halfway between them. It is possible for one side to be simply wrong.</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Timothy Ferris </strong><i> The founders often spoke of the new nation as an ‘experiment.’ Procedurally, it involved deliberations about how to facilitate both liberty and order, matters about which the individual states experimented considerably during the eleven years between the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution . . . Ferris sees political claims, such as the idea of equality under the </i> </p>

    <p><i> law, as “methods, not ideologies.” Both [liberalism and science] incorporate feedback loops through which actions (e.g., laws) can be evaluated to see whether they continue to meet with general approval. Neither science nor liberalism makes any doctrinaire claims beyond the efficacy of its respective methods—that is, that science obtains knowledge and that liberalism produces social orders generally acceptable to free peoples.”</i> </p>

    <p><i>  </i> </p>

    <p><strong>Albert Einstein </strong><i> One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike—and yet it is the most precious thing we have.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Well, I was in a trap house, I can’t remember what I was doing there but I was with some males, I can’t remember any known face, or make-out any. It’s the normal spirit in the air, the same theme of all my previous, or better said, my recent last visits to the trap house; “the lack of resource”, “inability to pacify cravings” not on my end at least. My last visits have been more of “reasons not to come around”, “why it’s definite, my quitting”. Derailing from the vision, it’s now a known fact, at least from recent reactions, that my visits to places like Ota stir up visions of drug use in my dreams, this solely being that my only reason for going there have been to get drugs, now my street is filled with drug addicts, even if I don’t see them doing it, I know better, besides my initials read O.T.A, that is Ogundipe Theophilus Ademola. I should know the town well you would think.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Continuing my vision, I’m in the trap-house and I turn out a new “product”, I unwrap it and it’s big, almost too big—it’s a dream so I guess it all makes sense— I’m thinking to myself as I write this how alive I am. Fuck, it’s so surreal and I miss Jessica, I don’t know words to say to her but I want to shout it out that I love her, and I will next time I’m online, even if it sounds stupid. Back to the night vision, a whole paragraph wasted.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Okay, so I turn it out and I’m really selfish with it, all these boys want it more than I do, ready to roll heads. Well, I wasn’t allowed to smoke it on dividing it, I give half to someone—I think—and I try smoking the other, but I receive a pinch to my back and it all became a joke, like hey why am I being so selfish with this, it isn’t even worth anything, just another way of destroying this good God giving life.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>