<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_5" title="Wednesday, August 5, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_5" title="Wednesday, August 5, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, August 5, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: SILENCE IS STRENGTH</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Meg Merrilies by John Keats</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Remembering</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: CLARINET SONATA IN E FLAT MAJOR, OP. 167 1: ALLEGRETTO BY CAMILLE SAINT-SAËNS (1835–1921)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I am confounded, I don’t know why, most of my relationships in the past have been online ones; remote and it’s been fine all this time but this has me confused, lonely and distraught, my thoughts feel so public.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         <i> The character of man is consciousness; and the character of consciousness is to consume, perpetually, . . . the man of mind must finally reduce himself knowingly to an endless refusal to be anything whatever</i> . From a book called Monsieur Teste, it’s a great interesting book by the author Paul Valery, and I’ll be reading more from the author.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p><i> Consciousness cannot entirely consume being and still continue to exist. It depends on being. Sensibility is its home, knowledge is its profession.</i> </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         This crossed my mind and explains my new growing into laziness, holding me back from writing. It’s a text from the same book: <i> it is always a “sacrifice of thought” to write it down; the very act of writing stops thought by making it dependent on words for its expression. </i> Here he speaks of the logbook of Mr Teste.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         Syncretism is a term meaning the combining of different beliefs, while blending practices of various schools of thought. The abolishment of all barriers, all classes, all exclusions. This explains the egg by Andy Weir. The story, the concept album Everybody by Logic is based on.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>