<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_8" title="Saturday, August 8, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_8" title="Saturday, August 8, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, August 8, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: START WITH WHERE THE WORLD IS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> A Song About Myself by John Keats</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> The Detached</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: DUET FOR TWO VIOLINS BY STEVE REICH (B. 1936)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Learning today that jealousy is a sort of moral emotion. Here is an excerpt of the note on skepticism: <i> Evolutionary psychologists have worked out the science behind the moral emotion of jealousy, which evolved as a motivation of behavior called mate guarding.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> Our moral sentiments—the moral emotions contained within our mental armory—seem to have evolved out of pre-moral feelings of our hominid, primate, and mammalian ancestors, the remnants of which can be found in modern apes, monkeys, and other big-brained mammals. These sentiments are considered to be pre-moral because morality involves right and wrong thoughts and behaviors in the context of a social group. It does not appear that other animals can consciously assess the rightness or wrongness of thoughts or actions in themselves or fellow members of their species.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> Anyone who has had a dog as a pet recognizes that dogs quickly learn the difference between right and wrong, feel some sense of shame or guilt when scolded for bad behavior, and express joy and pride when being praised for good behavior. That sense of shame or pride is what we mean by “moral sentiments”; </i> <strong><i> because dogs don’t have symbolic language or, presumably, cognition</i> </strong><i> , these are premoral sentiments.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I just lost all my last input, it was on an article I had just read, my dad called me just after, I was getting his books. I switched my backup mode from smart to scheduled, I guess smart isn’t that smart, or some petty hack. Sucks, what is true or to be trusted? Nah I won’t be a cynic. Please help me if you hear me, I’m nice and don’t have evil plans. Just a regular young man trying to put food on the table.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Here is an excerpt from an article by Massimo Pigliucci from <a href="https://evolution-institute.org/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">https://evolution-institute.org</a></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It discusses the subject of morality being universal or not, and touches on the philosophical school of Stoicism and how it offers a pragmatic way of living.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>           <i> Socrates, the Stoics, the Epicureans, the Cynics, and a number of other Greco-Roman schools agreed on one thing: human beings are a particular type of animal, and that particularity lies chiefly in two aspects of what it means to be human: we are </i> <strong><i> highly social</i> </strong><i> , and we are </i> <strong><i> capable of reason</i> </strong><i> . </i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>             <i> The first bit means that </i> <strong><i> we are all deeply inter-dependent on other people</i> </strong><i> . Despite the fashionable nonsense, especially in the United States, about “self-made men” (they are usually men), there actually is no such thing. Without social bonds and support our lives would be, as Thomas Hobbes famously put it, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. The second bit, the one about intelligence, does not mean that we always, or even often, act rationally. Only that </i> <strong><i> we have the capability to do so</i> </strong><i> .</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> Ethics, then, especially (but not only) for the Stoics becomes a matter of “</i> <strong><i> living according to nature</i> </strong><i> ,” meaning not to endorse whatever is natural (that’s an elementary logical fallacy), but rather t</i> <strong><i> o take seriously the two pillars of human nature</i> </strong><i> : </i> <strong><i> sociality</i> </strong><i>  and </i> <strong><i> reason</i> </strong><i> . As Marcus Aurelius put it, “Do what is necessary, and whatever the reason of a social animal naturally requires, and as it requires.” (Meditations, IV.24)</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>            <i> There is something, of course, the ancients did get wrong: they, especially Aristotle, thought that </i> <strong><i> human nature was the result of a teleological process</i> </strong><i> , that everything has a proper function, determined by the very nature of the cosmos. We don’t believe that anymore, not after Copernicus and especially Darwin. But we do know that </i> <strong><i> human beings are indeed a particular product of complex and ongoing evolutionary processes</i> </strong><i> . These processes do not determine a human essence, but they do </i> <strong><i> shape a statistical cluster of characters that define what it means to be human</i> </strong><i> . That cluster, in turn, </i> <strong><i> constrains </i> </strong><i> — </i> <strong><i> without determining</i> </strong><i>  — what sort of behaviors are pro-social and lead to human flourishing, and what sort of behaviors don’t. And ethics is the empirically informed philosophical enterprise that attempts to understand and articulate that distinction.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>