<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="AuthorsNote" title="Author's Note" style="text-align: center;">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_iii" title="iii"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Author's Note</a></h1>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         A lot strikes a man as important, and poignant during his lifetime. When I was a kid, it was my female desk partner in the classroom who stroked my thighs a lot. We sat in the front row, she wore a very short gown, refused to recite the national anthem on the morning assembly ground, and her excuses? For the gown, her parents couldn’t afford to replace her old, now skimpy ones. And as to her indifference to the patriotic solemnity? She threw it out as incompatible with her religious faith, she was a Jehovah Witness, and I was seven years old. I didn’t get it; prescription was all I knew. Publications like The Watchtower and Awake! helped me growing up. They were my major source of information about the international world, grew my love for nature, and science, and brought to my hands, exemplars in the local scene doing Jehovah’s work.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         It kept on happening, she touched me for pleasure, just my thighs, but I never touched her. Her chocolate brown skin, lissom neck, slit eyes, and calming voice were just that; of a soon-to-be-replaced desk mate. I once suffered a mean male mate; he stabbed my palm with a pencil. It is a hotchpotch of history from a time Leonor, Princess of Asturias was still to be birth, amazing titbit.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         My teenage years made me understand I needed more ways to navigate life. With my grandma visiting, and mum seeing her off, I was distracted from a sentimental bye to her, with a call to the environment, of how it could use some cleaning. In some hurry or sheer uninterest, I informed her, the outdoor broom was missing, it undoubtedly was, and it usually didn't take a long search to find it. She at the instance, convinced me it wasn’t a bad idea to use the indoor one to get the chore completed. I did and faced the music, nothing less, I got punished, and it stuck. For me, it was high-up injustice. I followed the instructions given and cleaned the ground. I’m happy to fill the dark and unnoticed, the bristles were soft and it made the chore a breeze.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         I just hated that I couldn’t talk to anyone, the elders were mean and did whatever pleased them, and there wasn’t a sure way to track the importance of antecedence. Nothing made much sense so I turned to text, good ones always gave the hand of friendship, and it wasn’t much of playing with the older, when I told my biological dad, one day on a drive to my university, I was sixteen, that I find it hard to commit to mind, things I can’t grasp structurally. I can’t cram, he thought I meant</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         At twenty-one, when weed got hip, I'd had friends who enjoyed it when I was eighteen, but they were friends because we shared the same university hall. Smoke up my lungs at the time, felt too far removed from the boy who watched that one man in the <i>recreation club</i>, who is friends with my biological dad, who'd fling cigarettes’ butts without a stub. I’d watch him, pick it up, go into the dark, and pray for a glow. I never got one, or maybe it was the dispelling tobacco smell. The ash also was unpleasant. But I had a man who helped in menial jobs, whose son came around a couple of times, to help put me out of my misery. He came with nothing but left with a good smoke. A paper and a matchbox, that was all, we smoked paper, but it didn’t leave me still wanting to smoke, I coughed, there was too much smoke, and the desire had met its satiety.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         So twenty-one, I ingested a lot of weed, still frowning at inhaling smoke. When I did, it was uneventful, but for pictures and the pipe used, and my Armani shirt. It was lacklustre, my best days of high were behind me, but I smoked a lot from then on.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         Losing sense of my table, and drifting for a brief moment. Having just looked back through the stack of files I had recently updated to make sense of the last written line of code, coming to hate the distraction the substance provided in parallel suggestions, I knew it was time to call it quits. I did, and in less than three months, got the job on my hands completed. I enjoyed being sober for a while, and started a mixtape, and swore to never go back to my habitual weed smoking, and since I had smoked crack-cocaine a couple of times, and to be very certain I would be going through with this clean episode of efficaciousness, and abstinence, on the mixtape, I declared and presented myself as a habitual drug user in recovery. It helped me, because it took me off of everyone’s radar. Somehow, their eyes weren’t the judging ends, very few would be aware of whatever was happening in my life, only close associates, friends, and family.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         Before my declaration, I had become friends with Brian Rose, the host of London Real on Facebook. I sent him a cover of a song I had made, <i>Moonlight by XXXTentacion</i>. He thought the beat was nice. I was very unimpressed at his only admiration for the beat. Weeks earlier, he had encouraged me, along with a group to record a video introduction presenting ourselves, he said it would put us in a position of accountability. I saw a few faces in the group and gave up. Oh, I couldn’t do this. Another time, in a live-video class, he offered to break down my business, a music-streaming platform, as an example for the class, so I went offline. Oh, it was just a bore, I won't be able to take the information in, I told myself. They were actual human beings, I'd need to sell my products to, but my self-confidence was in tatters.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         Something had to change, I had to understand what I was doing smoking weed every night, all mornings before nine, and in between breaks when finally, I had the office all to myself. I remember telling the drug dealer I needed something stronger, a more potent strain I had told him. I could afford a better drug if it was what I wanted, but it wasn’t. I was a lonely busy young man, on an uphill battle for a steady income, with problems very personal, as writing a software program, which only shows up more holes to fit, needing a change in the blueprint.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         When I told the drug dealer, I’d smoked crack a couple of times, he told me he took sleeping pills in the past, but thanks to his mum, he only smokes weed and drinks beer now, as it almost ruined him. His girlfriend could help me get some was his response, he called me a professor, admired me, and told me to avoid crack, but not in any way alarming. It is fine to say he didn’t directly, but through allusion, I guess a silence pervaded the place in abjection, whispering the obvious. I left that town still owing him, we met shortly after the debt but never discussed it, only I knew I had to pay him. I had gotten more money than usual one night from a client and he threw his weight in, helping with a filler sum for the supply to counteract my frozen bank account.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         A sort of race had started, I was either racing to penance or handshakes from the real users. I discovered the dealer’s delivery man had been ripping me off and followed him to the drug house, it is there some well-dressed fellow shook my hand like I had just ruined my life, depending on how you look at it. It hurt back in my well lit, clean office. My use lasted for a few days because I smoked a lot at once. When the month ended, the first month of relapse, with a track on the mixtape reading <i>Better off the drugs</i>, it was clear what the news was, I was about to become an addict.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         I resigned at the end of the month, said no to opportunities that would keep my pocket fat, and moved back home. Back with my biological parents, I donned rags instead of casual clothing. There was a shame I couldn’t blot off, and I needed someone to talk to me. I spoke to myself, read books, and took myself more seriously. Started a journal, and partook in compulsory morning rituals. Soon I was clean finally, the year is 2020, my year of growth. Several times I had typed the letters, Vision2020 in the password box, pondering its other significance, outside of my knowledge of its pop reference to Justin Timberlake’s album, and visual acuity. The year was 2017, I had no plans for the year outside of my job, but I desperately wanted a life worth living, so to speak, another password. The real sobriety battle started August 31, 2018 after my resignation.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         My road to writing poetry fills these pages. I somewhere found my voice again. I share this journal as it is, to show the other sap I live through. It is self-improvement. There are personal notes and recorded knowledge from my numerous readings. They’ve brought me this far, nothing compares to the personal time, we spend with ourselves. I am glad I had these special moments recorded.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         2019, was a tough year, another relapse worse than I could imagine, it lasted a few days, less than two weeks, and it taught me something. A familiar voice finally started speaking. But it had not brought an intervention, it dismissed philosophy in a fashion dissimilar to ignorance, as not the answer, to acquaint with heroin. It seemed to suggest madness. The actions that led to this journal saved me. In my head was some other friend who fought to live as my activities grew and so did my knowledge, helping him rest easy.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><br/></p>

    <p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>