<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_9" title="Sunday, February 9, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_9" title="Sunday, February 9, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, February 9, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: YOU DON’T HAVE TO HAVE AN OPINION</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: It Was Long Ago by Eleanor Farjeon</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         8:20 A.M it’s a beautiful day, and<strong> I am</strong> learning, listened to a lecture, a synopsis on the tales of Gilgamesh. I’ll be giving it a second listen. From the poem of today by Eleanor Farjeon, I learned that poems are for memorizing as well as for memorializing. Makes me ponder what I’ll be memorizing and memorializing in any poem I’ll be writing soon, probably of the love of years past?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Listening in on the audiobook by Grant Cardone, “Be obsessed or be average”. I’m reminded on the lesson from months back, there is something, to refreshing your mind, just as the bible says, the constant washing of the feet; the symbolism for reminding yourself. There is also something, to reading your own words, as said by Jordan B Peterson in a discourse with him, and Heather Mac Donald, on what the higher in higher education means.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Coming in to this house, my father’s property, one where I spent a lot of years growing up, it’s suddenly reminded me, of how important mental health is, and how easy it is to lose the band. It’s sad, seeing people, full blown sick, being dangerous, not to themselves alone, but to their immediate environment, and people in it.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The washing of the feet is a wake-up call, haters will be haters. They are the fuel I need for my next level; Jesse Elder says haters aren’t to be given any attention, and you don’t need them. He has an approach to handling them, mine being the aphorism from today’s devotional, “You Don’t Have to Have an Opinion”. The only problem: handling naysayers, the one’s closest, people with the highest affinity at afflicting damage.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>