<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_12" title="Wednesday, February 12, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_12" title="Wednesday, February 12, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, February 12, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: PROTECT YOUR PEACE OF MIND</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Lift Every Voice and Sing by James Weldon Johnson</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s 8:16 AM, not really happy, I don’t know where I am, feels like I woke up in a bad dream, something is for sure amiss, I’ll brace this little heart of mine, forage on the little wisdom I find and forge on. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         What would I sell my freedom for, I’ll trade in my life for my freedom, just to get a chance . . . I’ll keep my perception tethered to you; truth. In a world of fallacy and lies, remaining devoted to a life of unperturbed tranquillity can only be sustained in a world where mind shape minds through the proper application of, discernment of objective reality. People with feasible tyrant traits like the immediate younger offspring, after my conception; delineating between alive and dead, living taking precedence, is a specimen for objective prodding. Understanding why siblings raised under the same living conditions, stray from the path of rationality to a cul-de-sac of mentally agitated existence, sprouting a decadence of personal, ethical harmony in nuclear relationships, and communal engagements.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>Living is for the purposeful, to be purposeful is to seek change. To seek change is to have a nucleus of permanence, for change only comes as a morph, not as a replacement. In the understanding of human behaviour, the arrival at perceptions, shaped by conscious tinkering is central at arriving at the base-philosophy that guides ethical conduct.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Listening to Anticlimax by Mae Muller, thinking, how lucky am I to have this song? Such irony! A perfect inverse misnomer on what’s happened, well; from the name of the song, the song itself being perfidious, at least in relation to the course of my initial posit narrative. I planned on keeping this pithy, but for some hypothetical telepathic phenomenon, I’m yet to laser on; sceptical about this, I will bow to no pseudo-science, I’m here ranting on about thoughts of little significance. Well, what I wanted to pen down is, it’s a beautiful time to be alive. Why? You may ask. Well, tens of centuries ago, my community of tribal bigots will have their ease on the edge, by the constant fear of raiders in thirst of victims’ blood. Maybe the times aren’t so provident, with constant flares of provocation, the one under the lens, being the anticlimax; my neighbour has chosen to live a life that encompasses not just her thoughts, but that of a foreign being, or maybe this computer is hacked like my previous, whichever way it goes, I’ll be in the heart of tranquillity, putting subliminal and outcries of raucous babel where they belong, in the thrash where nulled thoughts go.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Social interaction involves reconciling different aspects of the personality, the <i> epistemic</i>  understanding of the personality being gestalt, I need to find ways of holistic living, preserving the authenticity of character, giving room to proper positioning in ways that allow easy switching of polar activities without a need to induce zeal through the stimulation of the senses.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>