<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_8" title="Saturday, February 8, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_8" title="Saturday, February 8, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, February 8, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: DID THAT MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: An Unusual Cat-Poem by Wendy Cope</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is a beautiful day, woke up feeling great, I’ll be doing meditation today, getting the gear was easy, I stole an improvised mat from the kitchen turned store in my apartment, it’s kept, not in lock; in my wardrobe. I will be starting a course by Sam Harris; it’s called <i> Waking up with Sam Harris. </i> I can’t wait to start.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Starting the program, really interesting, I discovered a technique of meditation, twice now. First, in a book by Yuval Noah Harari; 21 lessons of the 21<sup>st</sup> century, and now, in the course by Sam Harris, it’s called <strong><i> Vipassana</i> </strong>, it’s translated as <strong><i> insight</i> </strong><i> , </i> gotten from the Buddhism school of <strong><i> Theravada</i> </strong>. The Theravada is said to be the oldest tradition of Buddhism, and the quality of mind to be cultivated, attained, is mindfulness.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I had a dream, we were kids, got married under a mango tree, kissed and turned to fairies. I had an idea come to me, I’ll put my joy in breaking things, the climax of this, being my bachelor night; breaking plates, cups, all that gives a smash sound, till it pops a joint or lose interest out of sheer fatigue.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In an age, where all everyone cares about, is narcissism, hence the reason I’m interested in my story. Heather Mac Donald has won my heart, the part that’s mad at close female acquaintances, who’ve chosen to bank their existence on entitlements. I’ll refute all sexist claims, each has been given a cross to bear.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Can’t remember much, all I can is, I was in a hotel room, I presume, from memories of familiar spaces, a room with a transparent backdrop of glass wall. Outside, just past the adjacent road, is a field, memories of the field spark emotions of Baby Goth’s 2019 performance spaces.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>