<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_26" title="Wednesday, February 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_26" title="Wednesday, February 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, February 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: TO EACH HIS OWN</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Poetry Grand National by Roger Stevens</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is another amazing day, I wake up a bit offset from my conditioned norm, but It’s fine, I wake up, get my thoughts together, strobe my brain to action, and get to the day’s waking motions. It’s a bit of a drill, getting these thoughts down; filling up my journal. Always an urge to get the devotional opened early in the day, but I find myself still sleepy as I said earlier, it’s more of an environment thing than a personal thing, it’s fine though, head is above water, and I’m striding on with my sight on both ends of my peripheral vision clearly perceived.</p>

    <p>My dad’s out, I’m filling up his deposit of water, I slide to his sitting room, find his bag a bit out of place, I peer in, find an A4 sheet, turn it over, discovering a list of some sort for an association on commercial motorcycle taxis for a particular geographical area, only to find my name as vice-chairman. Okay that’s a rude way of discovering anything that consequential, I don’t know what to think of it, I’m just a bit aloof about it. Choosing not to give it much thought, I’ll just let it slide. It’s fine.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of city girls by Elizabeth Gilbert: <i> He preferred the grit and glitter of the theatre world to the polish and repression of café society</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         We used to be interested in inquisitive studying and learning, now all we care for is to indulge in mindless discussions amid gallivanting acts.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>