<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_15" title="Saturday, February 15, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_15" title="Saturday, February 15, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, February 15, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: ONLY BAD DREAMS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: All You Need Is Love by John Lennon and Pau</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It is 9:51 AM, not a bad weekend, I’ll be giving my all today, reigniting the passion for wisdom, the utter awe at the collective contrast in a world of ideas, I’ll keep my heart, bring the demon beyond the event horizon.</p>

    <p>I planned on using the weekend for mnemonic purpose; planned on committing to memory the new words I have ascribed to communicative significance.</p>
    <p> </p>
    <p>         Not getting caught up in swirls of unnecessary brandishing events, like unsolicited side talks and unanimous remarks, remains key to avoiding and abolishing the massive insanity of collective ideologies that seek to systematically retain reason while destroying intellectual forms of harnessing individual potentials.</p>
    <p> </p>
    <p>         Happiness is for animals, as an intellectual being of reason, fleeting is synonymous to emotions. To hold on to happiness is to valley in on a lesser way of being with the objective supposition of happiness being based on morals; the ideological mode of carriage and deportment.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><strong>EDIT</strong>(30/04/2020)<strong>:</strong></p>

    <p>Happiness depends on one’s disposition. it also requires the exclusion of many other things; it can only exist in a closed space, an allusion to the concept to <strong>valley in</strong> on a lesser way of being.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><strong>EDIT </strong>(22/05/2020):</p>

    <p>A quote from a book I’m currently reading: the Manifesto of art by Ayn Rand, the topic being THE PSYCHO - EPISTYMOLOGY OF ART: <i> One type of art tells him that disasters are transient, that grandeur, beauty, strength, self-confidence are his proper, natural state.</i>  <i> The other tells him that happiness is transient and evil, that he is a distorted, impotent, miserable little sinner, pursued by leering gargoyles, crawling in terror on the brink of an eternal hell. </i> Quotes from ancient Greece, and the middle ages, showing the disparity in metaphysical truths leading to normative abstractions that still seeds a flourishing civilization and the other, the darkest hours of history. The consequences of both experiences are obvious—history being their practical demonstration.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>