<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_11" title="Tuesday, February 11, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_11" title="Tuesday, February 11, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, February 11, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: HERO OR NERO?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Missile by Michael Leunig</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Writing this, listening to my old freestyle, saved by the name Juice, it’s interesting knowing how much has changed since then, it’s funny how peace is fleeting, I know one thing as much, peace isn’t relative, to think of it in such term is to constantly put yourself under a radar of constant comparison, stealing the joy of the moment. It’s 5:58 AM.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’m starting a course on scepticism today, same day, my dad tells me I’ll be visiting a witch doctor. Apparently, my life has being going, not so impressive, as he’d like it to go. I’ll be having a tongue-in-cheek attitude towards it. A week from now I guess I’ll be in this man’s presence. What are the thoughts I’ll be entertaining, and what suggestions would the surrounding enclave of mystic shenanigans offer? Maybe bones of dead sapiens, I bet they can’t summon the balls to entertain their guest with such bizarreness. Anyway it goes I’ll be having a good one, it’s not my first time being tricked to believe in some mystic phenomenon. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>I will be starting my day now, just saw the first episode of Rugrats, haven’t seen it all, going great, will probably see it again, I was munching away while watching so I was kind of divided between my sweet tooth and my cliché childhood nostalgic flight. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s 12:01 AM and I’m listening to <i> My Birthday by Anne Marie</i> , great song, started the lecture on The Bhagavid Gita, no it should be Bhagavad Gita, yes I got it after looking it up. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s 3:32 PM, sipping from the perennial knowledge fountain of the great ones, I found a great nugget I’d like to deposit here.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s poem, quote <i> “It’s modern warfare’s answer to an ancient wisdom trialed and true, when fighting wars, you first destroy all songs of innocence and joy.”</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Acting from Karma-Yoga; not getting attached to the fruits. According to the Bhagavad Vita, your action becomes more effective. Krishna says: “thinking<i>  of objects, attachment is formed in the mind, from attachment, longing, and from longing anger grows. From anger, comes delusion, and from delusion, loss of memory, and from loss of memory, comes the ruin of understanding, from the ruin of understanding, man perishes</i> .” But if you can act in accordance with Karma-Yoga, you’ll be at peace.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> “But the self-controlled man, moving among objects with senses under restraint, free from attraction and aversion, attains the tranquility.”</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Krishna says <i> “He whose mind is not shaken by adversity, who does not hanker after happiness, who is become free from affection, fear, and wrath is indeed the sage of steady wisdom.”</i>  What a lovely image to be the sage of steady wisdom, calm, unperturbed, regardless of what might come.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>