<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_Introduction" title="Introduction">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="Introduction" title="Introduction"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Introduction</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><strong>12020 Journals</strong></p>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><strong><i> Words are the clothes thoughts wear</i> </strong></p>

    <p><strong><i> I shall not lose perspective of the reality of my convictions</i> </strong></p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><strong>Author's Note</strong></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         I started this program of devotional rituals . . . keeping records of my daily activities like major lessons learned in a journal (a later inclusion), and writing. This was on the 1<sup>st</sup> of January of 2020. I lose my laptop in a robbery incident, leaving me with no device to continue my resolve. In the early hours of Sunday, January 19, 2020, armed robbers burgle my home, leaving with my laptop, phone, among other valuable items removed from the property. I was in disarray, a result of this perturbation, it takes two weeks, finally I align my resolve to my resolute and continue with my minds work. </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         In later considerations on how best to improve my journal, Alighting at the improviso of including poem text when available. In doing this I peel off the web strands of old poems, discovering how important the days I missed were; both on my devotionals and daily poem readings. The acute exposure of this fact has lead me to include this note. I’ll be doing a revision of the days missed, including in this journal what exist nowhere, not in my previous laptop or in some cloud somewhere ;)</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         Out of love for poems, I’ll be including my favourite poems from days recorded on my previous laptop.</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">         In the constant whirls of swivel . . . far from fortuitous, an appending of methods . . . an acquiesce born of progressive inquisition into the techniques of solving inherent problems.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><strong>Methods used</strong></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">Trial and error — The scientific method.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">Puzzle-solving — Ariadne's thread.</p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">Philosophical — Stoicism, Nomological.</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><i>The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently.</i></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">—Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><i>If I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this upbringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up.</i></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">—Albert Camus, An Absurd Reasoning</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><i>Our actual competence at a whole host of different life endeavors is actually inversely proportional to our perceived competence</i> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">—Dunning-Krugger effect</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts"><i>Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.</i></p>

    <p class="copy_txt_ts">—Ralph Waldo Emerson</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>