<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_January_29_2021" title="Friday, January 29, 2021">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="January_29_2021" title="Friday, January 29, 2021"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, January 29, 2021</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: KEEP IT SIMPLE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: TRIO FROM ACT 3 DER ROSENKAVALIER BY RICHARD STRAUSS (1864–1949)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A sigh of relief. A bit of luck on your side, I prefer karma on my side, I’m back to my journal, it’s a new year, and it couldn’t have had a better ringing; a connotation of <i> never losing myself. </i> A month ago, I inscribed in black ASCII characters, the intention of moving forward alone. A month of playing <i> hop and grab</i>  at the cookie off the dangling line fastened to a cane. I guess I’m not good enough, I will be, there are materials I need to cover. After being swooned head over heels, it’s only creative to in style space this one out, leaving it where it ends substantively, its place in the continuum of my life.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         All I need today, every day is the knowledge of the value of my own existence, its acknowledgeable forebear, the antecedence that has made it possible for me to be here. The prodding of the anonymous plays only the role of <i> reminder</i> . These reminders of my personal worth will sash me up, being attributive prerogatives in dealing with life normativity.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from my current read, Music, and the Mind by Anthony Storr: <i> Bird songs resemble human music both in the sound patterns and in the behaviour setting. Songs illustrate the aesthetic mean between chaotic irregularity and monotonous regularity . . . The essential difference from human music is in the brief temporal span of the bird’s repeatable patterns, commonly three seconds or less, with an upper limit of about fifteen seconds. This limitation conforms to the concept of primitive musicality. Every simple musical device, even transposition and simultaneous harmony, occurs in bird music.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>