<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_26" title="Sunday, July 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_26" title="Sunday, July 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, July 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: WHEN GOOD MEN DO NOTHING</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Watching My Dog Sleep by Kate Tempest</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> They Ask Why</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: DÉPLORATION SUR LA MORT DE JEHAN OCKEGHEM BY JOSQUIN DES PREZ (C. 1450–1521)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Where do I start? It has been all hell. I would be denying the much-awaited awakening I deserve if I refuse to admit the loss from the days spent away from my journal. This rain had a reaction out of a lure, and still as I type this, I must run away to see her pictures, like a fiend.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is a day of reckoning, I am back to my ways—reading—and it is obvious how far I have strayed, as my reading has become slow and my attention has lost its focus, I’m transfixed by this.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I have deleted her pictures, videos, I’m not happy, I even lost all need for listening to my daily poems. It happened on a morning I set out for the text for the daily poem, I couldn’t find the text in any of the search results so I went for a video, the account read Mr. Butler and that was it, I got engulfed by the laziness it incited. In time I found the enemy, the game-mind saying quietly to go against the grain, when the poem says true, it quietly whispers false, now I must say bye. Now I know, truly I’m all alone, and this is the way it will remain, I certainly feel washed away as I wrote as a comment to a post of Jessica.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Logic could be right or false, here is the definition of logic. <i> Logic is the systematic study of the </i> <strong><i> forms of inference</i> </strong><i> , the relations that lead to the acceptance of one proposition; the conclusion, on the basis of a set of other propositions; the premises. More broadly, logic is the analysis and appraisal of deductive arguments.</i> <strong><i>  The premises may or may not support the conclusion</i> </strong><i> ; when they do not, </i> <strong><i> the relation</i> </strong><i>  is characterized as a fallacy. it deals with inferences whose validity can be traced back to the formal features of the representations that are involved in that inference, be they linguistic, mental, or other representations.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>