<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_11" title="Saturday, July 11, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_11" title="Saturday, July 11, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, July 11, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: THE START-UP OF YOU</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Duel by Eugene Field</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Nothing Much</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: ELLA FITZGERALD  LOUIS ARMSTRONG BESS, YOU IS MY WOMAN NOW</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’ve been Lazy all day, laying lazy even though today’s devotional talks about the start-up of self. I guess this is mine, I took half a pill earlier this morning to sleep, took the other this morning after breakfast, I guess that’s why I’m this way. It’s 3:05 PM. I guess I’ll be filling my responsibilities. This morning was exciting, so I was on twitter, woke up around 2:03 A.M, and loading up twitter, with three minutes in, Jessica’s account records an activity, and I used the opportunity to post my Haikus. In minutes, she tweets saying something about, being about it. Here is the tweet: <i> don’t say it if you don’t fucking mean it.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I was a bit confounded, thought of it a while. Do I post something, saying I tried to taper off the effect of my honest words? But then I’d be insecure all my life if I did that, I didn’t post anything. I took my mind off it, surfed YouTube a while. I later switched tabs, and saw she posted a picture, one of a couple or a date pair at a table having ice-cream from a goblet in a saucer, on closer look-up I realized it’s a shot from a 2001 movie called <i> Serendipity</i> . I downloaded, but it isn’t complete yet. Well, what I guess is, the former tweet wasn’t for me. I guess she meant it for someone else. I’ll guess she’d rather have us go out on that kinda date than a cinema. My post might be off a bit, it’s because I’m just somewhere, lol.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’m adding this entry as a means, a reminder; a way of getting back to this important statement from the composer Felix Mendelssohn on the debate of music and its nature of meaning, it says: <i> What the music I love expresses to me is not thought too indefinite to put to words but too definite to put to words</i> . This sentiment flies in the face of those who have declared that music is too abstract to have an actual meaning, what the narrator ensues from this is <i> if a piece moves you in a certain way, brings to mind certain images or stories, it doesn’t matter if what you’re interpreting is what was intended, if it gives you what the incident might call many feels, it means what it means</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         This input is important for reasons that don’t necessary matter to me, but still will be elucidated in full for its pleasure; disambiguation. The name Wiayu and its connote is now a thing for folks, apart from the fact that it’s a song by Skrillex and Diplo feat Justin Bieber off of the Jack U album, the album that says instead of doing drugs, why not do some Jack U - listen to the album - is now used in certain circles as a taboo word. Just this morning I called my friend and he refused to reply me when I asked where he was, pretending not to hear me, this isn’t the first time, it’s been of incidence. My only reason for calling this out, is my stumbling on the concept of Diffeomorphism Invariance, meaning <i> what’s going on at a point in space depends only on that point, and not where it’s located, nor what’s happening at other points</i> . This might not necessarily tie things together directly, but from a cognition level in lieu of the former, I’d like this post to remain as a reference. Bear in mind that Diffeomorphism Invariance is based on the concept of Loop Quantum Gravity and this, has no confirming data.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I need to reboot my devotional, I mean living the maxims, whether it calls me out, admonishes or advises me.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         So in a lecture about loop quantum gravity, Dr Don Lincoln is wearing a shirt with Einstein on it with his tongue out and his left eyebrow looking avian like, its plain funny. </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>