<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_4" title="Saturday, July 4, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_4" title="Saturday, July 4, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, July 4, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: PROTECT THE FLAME</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: For You O Democracy Walt Whitman</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Son To Mother</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         These past few years have been an inoculation so repetitive and severe; I’ve become . . . I remain dissenting.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’ve got a crush on Jessica Andreas, ah . . . if she breaks my heart, I’ll be hurt, I hope it doesn’t take as long as it did to ger over Stephanie—if I’m over her—I remember saying to a friend: <i> hey, just give it six months, I’ll be fine.</i>  It took me a decade. Hush, tell no one. Well, I’m kinda in love, you know, I feel a certain way; that warm throb that engulfs you like a swirling flame. I miss her, even though knowing what’s like to be with her, her brief instances; of her post. If I lose this, I’ll chalk it up in experience, raise my stained boots and munch up my pride.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’ve been turned inside out, growing sick in the air, connected to people who dislike me, some who love me, most who revere me, in all I remain inside out, a match with constant strike outs, a bible of tallied meaning.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An important except from the book The Stoic Challenge, paraphrased: <i> The Framing Effect - How we mentally characterize a situation has a profound impact on how we respond to it emotionally. The Stoics realized that we have considerable flexibility in how we frame the situations we experience. Their goal wasn’t to banish emotion but to minimize the number of negative emotions. It is tempting, at this point, to describe the Stoics as patient people, and indeed they were, but a caveat is in order. In one sense, a patient person is one who can suffer a setback without complaint. This is not, however, what the Stoics were doing. Their goal was not to remain calm while suffering a setback but rather to experience a setback without thereby suffering.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         When my second younger sibling comes to mind, I should think of freedom of assembly. She has the right to whatever she pleases; the crowd she wills to be part of. Forgive myself for the times spent harbouring thoughts of disparity.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Another excerpt: One sign of maturity is a realization of the extent to which you, either intentionally or unintentionally, make life difficult for those around you. We are bad men living among bad men; and only one thing can calm us—we must agree to go easy on one another.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>