<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_12" title="Sunday, July 12, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_12" title="Sunday, July 12, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, July 12, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: SOME SIMPLE RULES</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Jerusalem (from Milton) by William Blake</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Glory Falls</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: NOCTURNO, OP. 7 BY FRANZ STRAUSS (1822–1905)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The preface to today’s poem, I quote it here for its beauty.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         <i> The Stolen and Perverted Writings of Homer &amp; Ovid, of Plato &amp; Cicero, which all men ought to contemn, are set up by artifice against the Sublime of the Bible; but when the New Age is at leisure to Pronounce, all will be set right, &amp; those Grand Works of the more ancient &amp; consciously &amp; professedly Inspired Men will hold their proper rank, &amp; the Daughters of Memory shall become the Daughters of Inspiration. Shakspeare &amp; Milton were both curb’d by the general malady &amp; infection from the silly Greek &amp; Latin slaves of the Sword.</i> </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         <i> Rouze up, 0 Young Men of the New Age! set your foreheads against the ignorant Hirelingsl For we have Hirelings in the Camp, the Court &amp; the University, who would, if they could, for ever depress Mental &amp; prolong Corporeal War. Painters! on you I call. Sculptors! Architects! Suffer not the fashonable Fools to depress your powers by the prices they pretend to give for contemptible works, or the expensive advertizing boasts that they make of such works; believe Christ &amp; his Apostles that there is a Class of Men whose whole delight is in Destroying. We do not want either Greek or Roman Models if we are but just &amp; true to our own Imaginations, those Worlds of Eternity in which we shall live for ever in JESUS OUR LORD.</i> </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         I’ve been reading the book on Stoicism by the same author of my Daily devotional, <i> The Stoic Challenge - William B. Irvine</i> . And I found this important point referenced from a book been spoken about, it’s called <i> On Death and Dying by Elisabeth KüblerRoss </i> and here it is quoted: <i> The five stages of grief: denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and finally, acceptance. These were the stages, she said, that those diagnosed with a terminal illness typically go through—and the stages that these individuals should go through to effectively deal with grief. </i> I’ll be downloading this book, dealing with the voices, I feel like I’ve gone through these stages, in order to get a more nuanced healing; understanding, I’ll be getting this book.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>