<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_10" title="Friday, July 10, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_10" title="Friday, July 10, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, July 10, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: LOVE THE HUMBLE ART</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Magic of the Mind by Clive Webster</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Televised</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: FELIX MENDELSSOHN [1809 - 1847] - SONGS WITHOUT WORDS ( OPUS 19 NO. 1 IN E MAJOR )</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today marks the first day of my use of the daily reference book: Year of Wonder, and today’s musical is by Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy, German musician and romantic composer of orchestral and choral works, who was born today 1809, died 1847.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The distended bellies of the starving cows, OMG how many cows do I know?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I wrote a Haiku for Jessica, it goes:</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> In the event Jess </i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Seat next to seat don’t warm hearts</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Miss only, the corn.</i> </p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Just as I was about writing the next one some dude calls saying he’s pastor Olofin, a call for my mum, well I think Olofin is pronounced the way he did as a kind of euphemism. It may mean something else, that I don’t know.</p>

    <p>Another haiku for my crush Jessica</p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Cock-a-doodle-doo</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> You sprout my sombre heart bloom</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> With sultry tunes um . . .</i> </p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p class="ql-align-justify">Another one:</p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Clocks ticking through lines</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Heels missing on the right side</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Heaven waits here now</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i>  </i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> If it is, isn’t</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Lead me on beyond ends wait</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Mirth taste in your gait</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i>  </i> </p>

    <p>         I have been fvcking jinxed, I'm in love with a pop star. OMG! </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I want to write another, but I guess I should know when to stop.</p>

    <p>So here is another:</p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Whistle kiss issues</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Your music my soul crush in</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Like pestle thuds.</i> </p>

    <p>Five Haikus now, I couldn’t pen down one on valentine’s day, and here I am, with five in the name of love.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>