<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_13" title="Monday, July 13, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_13" title="Monday, July 13, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, July 13, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: A LEADER LEADS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Argument of His Book by Robert Herrick</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> London</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: STRING QUARTET IN G MAJOR, OP. 76 NO. 1 1: ALLEGRO CON SPIRITO BY JOSEPH HAYDN (1732–1809)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Back at my time at Wiayu, the ingenuous me, easily trusting, quick to embrace everyone’s motive as of good intention. How do I move forward from here? How do I tread the line between being a cynic and being receptive?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In today’s musical, I discovered Joseph Haydn, a great composer of the 18<sup>th</sup> century, I’ll be getting his works, it’s said—there is a piece of string quartet for every mood.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The habit of brushing “scruffy” nose, a carefree attitude towards immediate urgency, that’s what it is. The need for having a proper way of heuristic learning, memory aiding, mnemonics maybe? I need to figure other methods of remembering. Putting markers on things as store. When I can’t control these agents, it won’t work in remembering, maybe comprehending not remembering.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         My heart is still broken as it were, and this feeling I have for Jessica is going nowhere.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A quote from the book Messiah quoting Jung: <i> When we analyse the persona we strip off the mask, and discover that what seemed to be individual is at bottom collective; in other words, that the persona was only a mask of the collective psyche. Fundamentally the persona is nothing real: it is a compromise between individual and society as to what a man should appear to be . . . The persona is a semblance, a two-dimensional reality, to give it a nickname.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A psychological instrument in the Stoic tool kit is <strong>negative visualization</strong>. It’s imperative involves making a point of imagining ways in which my life could be worse. It is important to realize that in advising me to negatively visualize, the Stoics aren’t advocating that I dwell on how things could be worse; that would indeed be a recipe for misery. Instead, what I should do is periodically have flickering thoughts about how my life and circumstance could be worse.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>