<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_July_7" title="Tuesday, July 7, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="July_7" title="Tuesday, July 7, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, July 7, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: OUR DUTY TO LEARN</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Checking Out Me History by John Agard</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Me And My Work</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Thinking of all that’s happened, and how my will to fight for life has dwindled, today’s devotional reading says to keep the able stride on, not to give in, to learn the right thing; leave with what counts. I hope I can carry on, for my heart is weak and my strength is far spent, and my love is washed away. I have no face to fight for the man who stands next to me for my resolve has been lost. In the event of my death, if its suicide, I hope these words never get to anyone.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I miss high-school, singing hymns, my girlfriend up there leading the assembly, thoughts of our last smooch, always the night before, and her sweet Christian praises. Had this go through my head while seeing a movie.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Banshee’s mum is a stupid person, who just like the other Scrompus, the stupid bitch who has life in the mist gone has lost her mind. She bears no consequence on her actions and just like my mum’s kids. Her’s will bear the burden if they don’t wake to the reality of things. No one is ever high enough to fall.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I discovered the concept of <i> curse of knowledge</i>  reviewing the last chapter read from the Skepticism course and I’m thinking—as my blood flows, strewing veins that transit stuff of the gods—how biased have I become? Away from my resolve, mindless, by the planes of the outskirts of my inferential know. See, this is a bit tawny—as it were—a mix of the brown and the yellow. Figuring out <i> what is what? </i> Am I the brown? Is that what I would have volitionally willed? My propensity? Or am I the yellow, the obvious? Or still, am I somewhere in there, in the discrete, lost in the composition, forever lost in the world of labels, caught away in a colour? To figure these things out, I’ll need to understand this concept—Curse of Knowledge—and how I can better delineate who I am, or at least, what I choose to stand for, what counts for an improvement, and what sits as corruption, knowing there is a normal psychology of belief that allows for outside influences.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Body on heads, still my skin is dry and ugly. Head over body, still I count a twine at its turns. I’m sick and I can get no help, still I’m my help. Body on heads. I’ll keep safe.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Thinking of it; all the trouble I go through during the day. The only time I’m ever down or sad at my existence is when I wake up. Waking up in a ditch-bed, a subtle strong reminder of remiss; waking up from mortal <i> sleep</i>  after I took that cup of shaving powder that should have ended this existence. The after fact of my inability to down it when I should have, quite early, following its preparation, part hunts me every morning. A reinitiation into the turmoils of my life here need not be beard, I’m tired, and a misuse of an opportunity is light of cowardice. These things should be written, reread, understood, so in the relapse to the phase of not being able to endanger the existence that holds bare in a life of wondrous things, I’ll pull off my tie, say I fought a good one, and all things like my life, must come to an end.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Sometimes hackneyed words are meant. Regardless you should always call people on their bullshit.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from the course on Skepticism: <i> Once we have an idea in our minds about something, we notice only evidence that confirms the idea and are blind to evidence that disconfirms it.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The intentions behind this entry are frazzled and worn out, reason, I have spoken on them countless times. My mum is sick and I think it’s born out of a loss of a lot, I can’t begin to list them all, but one idea would be a neglect of what is important.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Most audiobooks are just filled with cynicism.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Just thinking of this same audiobook, it has me thinking how in the undulation of history, a lot of books are lost in the tides of history, never to make it to the halls of the classic. I also think the cynicism is a call to attention, to listen to what is being said. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         This is a twist of fate, another input included on 16:41, 24<sup>th</sup> July 2021. I currently am seeing the <i> The Long Pond Studio Sessions </i> and discovering the lyric from the song <i> seven</i>  that reads:</p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Please picture me</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> In the trees</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> I hit my peak at seven feet</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> In the swing</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Over the creek</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> I was too scared to jump in</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> But I, I was high in the sky</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> With Pennsylvania under me</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Are there still beautiful things?</i> </p>

    <p><i> Trees</i>  like<i>  blue</i>  means conversation to me.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Line seven holds my favourite, repetitions I have come now to bear a match with <i> you and I</i> , line <i> five</i>  first is of interest, it’s a brace of the<i>  </i> withholding of affirmation as I blurted the line:</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Hitch this shit together</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Like lil locked up</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> Like creek or leather</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> … I might just listen</i> </p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><i> … the error</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The most important line to the epiphany in expression is line <i> four</i> , (also numero uno) great braid pattern: poem <i> 19</i> : <i> meeting a girl is like swinging a set. </i> Weird how since I wrote these poems, numbers now carry some personal meaning. I especially like the time-lines: <i> 02:44</i> , <i> 02:47</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         02:44: reads <i> clue</i>  on <i> shitFreestyle, </i> same number of words in the mentioned poem. 44<sup>th</sup> day poem is <i> home</i> , 44<sup>th</sup> poem in the series is <i> every </i> from day 33.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         02:47: reads <i> together, </i> the number of words in <i> half blue pod</i> , interesting. LOL. The 47<sup>th</sup> day poem is <i> electric. </i> The 47<sup>th</sup> poem in the series is Charly Cox. LOL: Familial. </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>