<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_28" title="Sunday, June 28, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_28" title="Sunday, June 28, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, June 28, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: NO SELF-FLAGELLATION NEEDED</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: A Bird Came Down the Walk by Emily Dickinson</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today starts rainy, I wake up really early, it’s still raining, I guess it’ll drizzle all day, it’s currently 10:50 A.M, I’m lying on my bed and the thought of all I’ll read is precedent above all things. Read a chapter off the skepticism course, I’ll be reading another.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>Earlier today I sent a text message to my dad pleading he help me with my visa appointment process, the need to not be dependent upon his handouts has been made known by me; this was at a meeting yesterday. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I noticed in different instances of seeing videos, especially when playback speed is adjusted to 1.50x, that the motion feels entirely natural, but on reversing back to the default speed 1.00x, there is a sense of it being slow, an almost lull effect, I think this is as a result of habitual premise. This is closely related to addiction—drug use—and how it changes perception of normalcy.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I started with the physics course and the first video I enjoyed was <i> the origins of mass </i> and it detailed the different effects of atomic particles in mass sum ratio. The particle with the heaviest contribution seems to be a hadron called the meson, even though it wasn’t implicitly stated. What was introduced was the idea of the binding force holding the nucleon particles, I only discovered the meson through a vague look-up of keywords. I’ll continue with the videos today. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’m waiting for breakfast and I feel like Igor Stravinsky maybe I should have my head on the floor for a blood rush. It’s not like I’m having a block, I’m just hungry.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><strong>-- edit | Monday, June 29, 2020 --</strong> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I discovered this definition in the dictionary. A Pi-meson is a meson involved in holding the nucleus together; produced as the result of high-energy particle collision. This appears closer, amounting for much of the mass. I also discovered all other sorts of meson.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>