<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_14" title="Sunday, June 14, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_14" title="Sunday, June 14, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, June 14, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Understanding how knowledge of computation enhances how one sets out in understanding language, says a lot about “Bleeding heart” and my current traverse. Doing some more programming work should help my writing, I’ll need to get a laptop first, next I’ll be working on what? Can’t tell . . . maybe. It’s fine.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I need to understand that as I change, the world doesn’t change with me, only I change, I need not check behind my back, it’s all me, I’m the one doing the change, it’s my resolve, my shift, my progress, the chatter and noise is an everlasting background noise that will slowly recede to the unobserved as I ever get busy at what is of importance to me. No one is of importance in that chatter, not even a call of my name, not a voice of my past self, not an echo of my thought, all that matters is me, my change, my progress and my goals.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s good to start early, the brain might be neuroplastic, but it is the same nerves that get in the way. I must thank my brain for edging me on quite early, reading books that switched my premises; an evolution in the life of a wanderer. Maybe this is just an instance of the Dunning-Kruger effect in action?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I got to know that Lions are of beige colour.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Hearing the voice of my ex outside when it’s probably just a recording has me pissed, rousing soppy thoughts, but instead I’ll pick my demeanour up and remain stolid, my countenance stern.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>