<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_12" title="Friday, June 12, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_12" title="Friday, June 12, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, June 12, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: A TRAINED MIND IS BETTER THAN ANY SCRIPT</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: On Turning Ten by Billy Collins</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> Is Love</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I discovered today, that, out of the abusive manipulation and bombardment from the collective—the game-mind—a creeping wave of chorea has set in. I don’t know how certain my prognosis is, but my body’s reaction; my face threw jerky movements to the right of my upper jaw, just below my cheeks. I was trying to switch my attention; my attempt was a very brusque one. This reminds me of the day my dad came around when I was having breakfast, and he got upset over the fact that I had an egg with my meal, further dismissing, of the unimportance of my Left Ventricular Hypertrophy, my pains, and imposing further his will, taking away his pillowcase. I tried to make light of the mood, a flinch from what? . . . resulting in anxiety.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I discovered the artist of the monicker <i> Role Model</i>  has a similar timbre to that of <i> Jesse</i>  from <i> The Neighborhood</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An objective way of greeting departure: Goodbye and good premises.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         “People develop a global knowledge structure which contains cohesive, whole knowledge <i> internalized from experience”: </i> The need for experience, an aid in learning opposing to <i> Domain-specific learning</i>  theories. The excerpt is from a Wikipedia article on Domain-general learning.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Anne Frank was born today. Her memories and her humanity will forever remain with me.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>