<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_13" title="Friday, March 13, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_13" title="Friday, March 13, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, March 13, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: ONE DAY IT WILL ALL MAKE SENSE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Here Comes the Sun by George Harrison</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         There wills a need for a space for deep work.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The positioning of self in a state that is independent of any intellectual leverage whether it be a cue or affirmation is necessary in remaining solid. All promulgate should be self-willing. An instance is the belittling of your intellectual strengths; pushing forth, coming to a point of epiphany, only to be sneaked in on by a 3<sup>rd</sup> party — suggested to in claims of motivation. All that is needed is within. The only factor is the right environment not an impromptu delusion of false hope to be relied on in wait for eventual ridicule; the initial aim of the disposer of innate strengths.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Reading a book on skepticism and I’m in awe of how much of a half-baked skeptic I am, I’ll be upping my skepticism. Being a good skeptic is the only way to reduce these missteps and minimize harm from them. Here is an excerpt from the book <strong>THINK</strong> by Cal Newport. </p>

    <p>         <i> “Thanks to science, we now understand more than enough about how the human brain works to know that we have to be very careful when trying to determine what is real and what is not, what is true and what is false. If you are human, you can and will be fooled by your own brain in various ways many times throughout your life. </i> <strong><i> Being a good skeptic</i> </strong><i>  is the only way to reduce these missteps and minimize harm from them.”</i> </p>

=

    

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>