<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_11" title="Wednesday, March 11, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_11" title="Wednesday, March 11, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, March 11, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: LIVING WITHOUT RESTRICTION</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Mothering Sunday by George Hare Leonard</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Recording this as a reminder of the fact that I learned it once, the city of Munich which is the capital of Bavaria, a southwestern state in Germany, known for beer and factories that create automobiles is also the state Einstein moved with his parents. He would have actually been persecuted if he was in the German state during the holocaust, I guess the one’s with the brains always know when to leave the state. Like I’ll be leaving Nigeria.</p>

    <p>If elder Ayeni is seen by the plastic bender (supposed Engineer) as a poor seated believer then the man who raises kids to be dispersed as failed investments is what?</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Father doesn’t acknowledge son’s work . . . why? He never intended to have him supersede him.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of the law of one “with the same range of human emotions”.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         To have wishes, is to set conditions for desire . . .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’m going down the lanes of memory. it’s an introspective analysis on how the only friend I had with me with the close tag, never cared about aesthetics, <i> Jinx</i> , he went to Paris, took a picture at the Eiffel tower, with his face shut off; his hands covering his face, I think it says a lot. The reason I say this is, he could have taken the picture at night with the lights on, from a distance, I think that would have been better. I know this is some rant, but better down than ephemeral.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I learned the end result of habituating in an environment like mine is to end up with the “Tourette’s syndrome“.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         To have wishes, is to set conditions for desire, karma-yoga says the “not getting attached to the fruits” ensures utmost efficiency.</p>

    <p>         Human identity is itself a narrative construction – that who we are is, in a very real sense, a product of who we tell ourselves we are; when neurological disease complicates this picture (by, for example, telling us that our wife is a hat), we are able to glimpse this story-of-ourselves in the process of either being chillingly redacted, or rewritten in order to fictionally compensate for such inconvenient truths about the external world.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>