<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_8" title="Thursday, March 12, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_8" title="Thursday, March 12, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, March 12, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: Human Affection by Stevie Smith</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A quick reminder, the ultimate mode of being in a world with a disposition for action is to be a creator.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         On the collectivism that draws on the thorn of the will through thought manipulation for its bolster. (Still coming to terms with this) In a zero-sum game between the collective and the individual, allotting precisely in all truth, attributes, is primal at analyzing the empirically arrived schemes and methods that lead to proper discerning, presenting the right mode of being that guarantees a probable win.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I’ll be analyzing all this, informing myself in the process what dots are incognizant, one’s that need be drawn and also the importance of introducing a state of semi-willfulness in the understanding of self: the retracting of the curtain of the parts of the mind that remain fragile and unformed. This leads to an understanding of the individual’s mind, understanding how it responds to impressions of power-shift, from within to without.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I get it, you don’t want me cos I’ve got a leverage and I’m moving forward. </p>

    <p>         Understanding the fact that some angels understand what I want based on traits of personality and probable wants, giving cues on what the next probable plan could be. And also the fact that unseemly demon’s moves in the hopes of suggesting cunning suppositions of foresight when in reality, initial intentions were different.</p>

    <p>         Be careful of how you let others control your actions, having your experience substituted from authentic to that which amuses the observer. I will elucidate on this soon.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         How do you handle impromptu prompts, suggestions that lead to a disinterest in running tasks? The key is to recognize that remarks aren’t a connotation of any part of the timeline of a task but rather, stints with aim of power seizure.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>