<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_27" title="Friday, March 27, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_27" title="Friday, March 27, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, March 27, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: PAY WHAT THINGS ARE WORTH</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Ballad of the Bread Man by Charles Causley</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Robert Louis reading of the day</b>: </p>

    <p>Something in it</p>

    <p>Faith, half faith and no faith at all</p>

    <p>The touchstone</p>

    <p>The poor thing</p>

    <p>The song of the morrow</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Woke up feeling indifferent, I choose not to base my mood on my environment, meditating has given me the opportunity to enjoy, even if only briefly, the bask in a vacuum like space, this always has been, but meditating has helped to heighten this tranquil. Also I live most of my time conscious of my present actions, not acting routinely.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         “Gone are the green islands and the bright sea, the sun and the moon and the forty million stars, and life and love and hope. Henceforth is no more, only to sit in the night and silence, and see your friends devoured; for life is a deceit, and the bandage is taken from your eyes.”</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A saying I can’t quote comes to mind, here is a paraphrase “The more you learn, the more of the realization of how little you know”. An allusion to this is the introspective matter of thought while reading the fable, <i> FAITH, HALF FAITH AND NO FAITH AT ALL. </i> While on a pilgrimage, a priest, a virtuous man, and an old rover with his axe come across a fakeer on their consecutive stops of deliberative inquisitions into the nature of the priest’s guiding light - his religion. He is later unmoored after successive fallibility. Drawing from my own memories, while on the mandatory internship program in my third year in the university, at computer village, Ikeja. Caught up on a rainy day, outside the office, seeking refuge at a gas station with a colleague, waiting for the rain to subside, a scrawny, untidy man in dirty white coloured robes, a bible under his arm, hobbles past us where we sat knee close to chest, in a traipse manner, he seemed to be begging for alms; more like a mendicant. Befuddled, I asked my older colleague why it was so, he replied succinctly, in words I can’t remember, what he meant goes so: <i> In life it’s essential to understand all facets of reality.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The limn of this write-up is the understanding of how impressions can change with new found knowledge.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of the fable <i> THE TOUCHSTONE</i>  “But he was like the hunter that has seen a stag upon a mountain, so that the night may fall, and the fire be kindled, and the lights shine in his house; but desire of that stag is single in his bosom.”</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Fools can’t recite my knowledge, for that reason, let them tend their business, for theirs is the way of the unhatched smitten egg, devoid of potential.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         As fathers are the a priori base, the foundation of all knowledge in the community, so will my books, knowledge from the old, and insights from today be my guiding light, as they’ve always been.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>