<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_10" title="Tuesday, March 10, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_10" title="Tuesday, March 10, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, March 10, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: FIND YOURSELF A CATO</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Remember by Christina Rossetti</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p>         Today’s reading from the stoic devotional admonishes the utmost reason why an entity of ethical distinction is important in the life of every individual, going on to suggest how this entity needs not be a real or physical individual, but could be a conceptualized being of rationality. Adam Smith comes up with a term for this, it’s called the <i> indifferent spectator.</i> </p>

    <p>         In the build up to the novel I’m coming up with, <i> Aragascar: the devil’s eye</i> . And the new book I’m reading to help me with it, <i> Story Genius,</i>  I will be going ahead to start early and will develop a character that will stand intermittently as my impartial spectator. I’ll call her <i> Busiskrit.</i> </p>

    <p>         I’ll let you in on all the juicy details as I come up with patterns, principles, suppositions, anecdotes, and axioms, she embodies.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I learned today, who the 26<sup>th</sup> president of the United States is. He’s Theodore Roosevelt. I smell like me without a shower in the morning, I should get some on me, but my dad is still home and I need to steal his soap. Arrgh… my life is a waste of potential, but I’m on my way to the eye of the storm.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>