<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_19" title="Thursday, March 19, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_19" title="Thursday, March 19, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, March 19, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: TIMELESS WISDOM</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Historical Associations by Robert Louis Stevenson</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is a beautiful day, I’ve been writing songs, a lot of them, I spent yesterday writing a lot of songs, spent a good time meditating, days before I was caught up in binging; saw the complete season of <i> Kidding</i> , and it wasn’t bad, I enjoyed every bit of it, I’ll be committing time to completing the book in the series, The Patternist Series: <i> Patternmaster. </i> I also have developed keen interest in books like, Sam Harris’s Waking up and also Nathaniel Branden’s The six pillars of self-esteem. I’ll be updating my progress, I honestly hope to finish The Patternist Series this week to begin the Xenogenesis, I saw a review on YouTube and it was a good one, it’s synopsis wasn’t bad.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of the book, Patternmaster: <i> “I . . . yes, Lord.” As long as he was still alive, he had a chance. Or did he think that only because he wanted so badly to live? No, there was a chance. One could escape physical slavery. The physical leash was not as far-reaching or as permanent as the mental leash. </i> This is based on the plot of the scene. Two brothers, maternal and paternal inclines, grapple for control; the successor to the pattern, Coransee and Teray. Coransee heads the house, Teray his brother who wills as much power, with a disadvantage, as he leaves school freshly with no house of his own, sold to Coransee by Joachim. He’s got no option left after a battle, to have his lord Coransee place a mental leach on him for the state of an apprentice or remain an outsider, his only option outside of his wish for death.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         Thinking of the community I currently reside in, and the narrative of the “game-mind”, a phrase I’ve come to know after months of moving in. My current analysis is, the aim of this device is, the pernicious diminution of well-being through cognitive hampering; an inhibition at organizing self in states that offer pragmatic ways of living that are utilitarian in form. </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         My attentive analytical considerations have included observing at different times how I respond to the constant fissure of directed focus in consciousness, and also the necessity for constant intimidation; a persistent flood of words, remarks that draw for introspective contradiction of already conceptualized standing of organization, peeling at the importance of rational reasoning, the replacement of self-willed action for the passive ways of determinism. The ongoing intimidation was concocted after the keen observation of the subject in natural states of affair, learning the routinised way of affairs, deciding what elates and irritates, on concluding by coming to an awareness of these simple things, an epithet was introduced: <i> the game mind</i> , dangled as a new way of living, I choose not to elucidate this as I have in the past, the only addition is my new conceptualized understanding of this epithet, an analogy; compared to a game bird, an animal hunted for sport. Since points are counted on successive assaults that lead to derailment of any sort. My understanding of this compound word “game-mind” is the successive belittling of the mind. The frizzling of any keen sense of perception. </p>
<p> </p>
    <p>(March 23, 2020 appendage)</p>

    <p>         On this topic, I choose to write this here, for the reason of keeping all my thoughts on this topic together. In a lecture I just listened to, still yet to digest fully and articulate in an eloquent manner what I mean.</p>

    <p>         I will continue to gain momentum, putting action to work by imbibing truth that speaks to me in place of any suggestions - when the enemy tries to switch tactics by claiming to be on my side, dishing out words prior to adjacent intuitive suggestions that the mind arbitrary suggest to self - on taking on such advice.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>
                        <p>         course addressing psychedelics, it explicitly says, quoting         <i> Positing the existence of mind at large is more tempting in some states of consciousness than in others but these drugs can also produce mental states that are best viewed as forms of psychosis, as a general manner, I believe that we should be very slow to draw conclusions about the nature of the cosmos on the basis of internal experiences, no matter how profound they may seem.</i> </p><p>         </p><p><i>          </i> </p><p>         From a lecture on scepticism today: <i> Being a sceptic means be rational and empirical, thinking and seeing before believing and being prepared to be deceived and self-deceived. Scepticism is not seek and ye shall find, but seek and keep an open mind. But what does it mean to keep an open-mind? It is to find the essential balance between orthodoxy and heresy, between a total commitment to the status quo and the blind pursuit of new ideas. Between being open minded enough to accept radical new ideas and not so open minded that your brains fall out. Scepticism is about finding that balance.</i> </p>
    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
