<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_20" title="Wednesday, May 20, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_20" title="Wednesday, May 20, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, May 20, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: QUALITY OVER QUANTITY</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Mouse’s Tale by Lewis Carroll</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A look into the meta-cognition of my behavioural tendencies up to the point of quitting my job as led me on the voyage of seeking out intellectuals from the present, past in a bid to understand the proclivities of my unmeditated expressions, an allusion to the almost insufferable commitment to a life that eludes the being of experience. A look into the psycho-epistemological surges. As arbitrary as the need for understanding, is the memorability of these tendencies. An excerpt from the book The Romanticism Manifesto gives weight: <i> It has been said and written by many commentators that the atmosphere of the Western world before World War I is incommunicable to those who have not lived in that period. I used to wonder how men could say it, know it, yet give it up—until I observed more closely the men of my own and the preceding generations. They had given it up and, along with it, they had given up everything that makes life worth living: conviction, purpose, values, future. They were drained, embittered hulks whimpering occasionally about the hopelessness of life. Whatever spiritual treason they had committed, they could not accept the cultural sewer of the present, they could not forget that they had once seen a higher, nobler possibility. Unable or unwilling to grasp what had destroyed it, they kept cursing the world, or kept calling men to return to meaningless dogmas, such as religion and tradition, or kept silent. Unable to stifle their vision or to fight for it, they took the “easy” way out: they renounced valuing. To fight, in this context, means: to think. </i> I chose to fight, to think.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>N.B Only<strong> I</strong> can understand this.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>