<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_12" title="Tuesday, May 12, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_12" title="Tuesday, May 12, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, May 12, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: KINDNESS IS ALWAYS THE RIGHT RESPONSE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: On a Lane in Spring by John Clare</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         First, I must say, this is the first time I’m having a serendipity of this nature. But It’s safe to say, in the final analysis of things, there is a beautiful seam woven, drawn through all things; not as a delineator but as a hitch. I’m not one to root for the concepts of synchronicity as an objective way of analysing perceptual inference—for mental health reasons. But an allusion to its nature can be a fond conclusion for the uninitiated—the untrained mind. The psychoanalytic methodology of dream interpretation is sacrosanct in understanding events, or more broadly: the articulated sphere of being. I skimmed a book in the arts, and to that, it suggested dreams mean nothing; madness you will find there. In point, the event of this morning—my inability to restrain myself—leading to a little outburst, a result of my emotional frustration at the constant discord reactions; a misjudgement of the constant frivolities, including chores. My opinionated ideas on the importance of a family’s need for an ideal that supports a conduct that reflects success is paramount. It’s important the individual doesn’t lose sense of his identity. A dream says a lot and I had one—a reminder, to never walk naked.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>