<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_17" title="Sunday, May 17, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_17" title="Sunday, May 17, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, May 17, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: THE STOIC IS A WORK IN PROGRESS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: A Handsome Young Fellow Called Frears by Michael Palin</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>Dang, listening to Jessica Andrea, I’m melting. Rousing emotions of the first album’s stream. I wish I had all that back, but hey I still get something right? Hate the attempts at cognitive narrowing, an attempt at leaving me a fodder, and constant harassment. My only inference being the not needed biological dad in my life to feel safe, sheltered or any of all that.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Weed was pernicious, I had to stop.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I learned the <i> Lo-Shu</i>  and created one for myself. It follows a simple rule, all rows, columns, and diagonals add up to 15, the centre numbers must be odd numbers—the yang of the <i> Lo-Shu</i> —the four corners must be even numbers—the yin of the <i> Lo-Shu</i> .</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I learned the technique of solving the unknown values of a rectangle, using the square method - knowledge of area squares and rectangles - really interesting. Yeah, I was cracking for a while, tinkering with formulae, <i> figuring it out</i> . To think of how desolate the militants of cognitive deterrence acted, switching the scales between the blacks - the pentatonic - and white - the diatonic, hampering in intention, alluding to the parity of my own task consequence. I will remain on this journey, improving cognition, severing all psychotic tendency.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>