<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_18" title="Monday, May 18, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_18" title="Monday, May 18, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, May 18, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: HOW YOU DO ANYTHING IS HOW YOU DO EVERYTHING</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Matilda: Who Told Lies, and was Burned to Death by Hilaire Belloc</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Listening to c2.0, putting to words my thoughts on suicide. I’ll be getting some sum to purchase the lethal dose I need for the satire. The hubris of my defiance. I shall not bow to the state in ignorance, peeling off the lump of my hoarded pain, letting it all in a glow. I get to listen to the new album of the 1975. it’ll be a memorable late moment. Well it’s sad, I won’t get to listen to Charli XCX albums, sigh! but hey, so many delights in the world right? I’ll miss them all. I think if I’ll be dying, I should keep all my journals and make them unavailable, create a random password and get that shit locked somewhere . . . won’t say.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Okay, I will be having a thought swivel, I guess I’ve got the key. Thanks Charli XCX, your albums are legit the SHIT! Oh fvck, Kim Petras is on this OH FVCK the CRiticS! I like.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Of all that I’ve read so far in the introductory chapter - the beginning - of the book “a brief history of mathematical thought” this has me rapt: <i> mathematical truths are of a piece with the only world we can know, even if they are further abstracted from experience than most of the truths we are interested in… physical reality is not the same as our conception of it. From our perceptual inference there can be no infinitely precise truth, conversely there can be unambiguous deductions.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         A beautiful quote from the same book, it induces a deep sense of identity, an affirmation of the intrinsic nature of the symmetrical mirror of nature and consciousness in a way that still, delineates <i> ‘In arithmetic we are not concerned with objects which we come to know as something alien from without through the medium of the senses, but with objects given directly to our reason and, as its nearest kin, utterly transparent to it.’ — Gottlob Frege, 1848–1925</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I had a night vision of my dad trying to dispose the palm of the coconut tree, but instead of having it tossed over the gate, as is his custom, in front of the house, he topples it over the fence, into the next compound. While trying to do this with its stalk, its rear end, just left in view, still in the compound, it hits him in the head and he falls lifeless on the ground - unconscious - strange right? Well I ran up to him, shouting out almost, I felt less emotion, well, as a viewer. </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I think I may just be at a crossroad, seeing the outcome of trying to hurt someone else, when it isn’t necessary. Moving forward, regardless of whatever is thrown at me, I will remain in my secret place; unperturbed, not going down the same lane of the disturber.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>