<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_23" title="Saturday, May 23, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_23" title="Saturday, May 23, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, May 23, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: SHOW ME HOW TO LIVE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: A Tragic Story by William Makepeace Thackeray</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Drawing from knowledge of Silvano Arieti, I’d like to stately state that the ongoing input is as much a narration of a coincidental incident as it is a pathological way of seeing things—an insight not susceptible to consensual validation.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is my birthday and it’s been a gradual tide leading to the strange, unique ways I’ve come to infer the past couple of days resources—my daily readings—being inclinedly surreal, as much as it’s been beautiful. Yesterday concludes the age of the alphabet, now am on a: define your . . . as personal knowledge increases. My only addition to this is the last timeline from the last phase—the poem audio file—it ends 04:19:33. The digits 419 represent the part of the state law of Nigeria that holds citizens to bear on the laws on fraud. Remembering—not recording in the journal—the epithet from the concluded topic on the psycho-epistemology of art, it ends on the note of <i> the sense of life</i> , citing primitive forms of philosophy like religion, its many myths, and allegories on man’s existence, like the myth of a supernatural recorder from whom nothing can be hidden, who lists all of a man’s deeds. It affirms the principle of staying grounded—not out of kilter—to one’s moral. Back in Dubai my moral volition hit crossroads, almost closing in on a debacle. I think the 33 stands for a transcendence. I can say now I stand in a better place. The merciless recorder is the integrating mechanism of a man’s subconscious; the record, his sense of life.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Been coming across a lot of Kafkaesque books, the first I’m aware of is <i> The Room</i> , I plan on reading <i> The bridegroom was a dog</i>  by Yoko Tawada.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         With the ever growing disparity between I and most of my peers, it’s quite in parse to say I developed a precociousness for reading and bewilderment.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Careful, lest you get stuck amongst the thorns of gnawing tendrils of self-imposing persons with identity-ramming as their precursor to relation.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>