<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_25" title="Monday, May 25, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_25" title="Monday, May 25, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, May 25, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: WHERE TO FIND JOY</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> The Ballad of Reading Gaol by Oscar Wilde</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         This being the second time quoting this sentence from the manifesto, drawing from a new percept<i> —</i> the letters in bold<i> . </i> Religion being a primitive form, and attempt, at normative abstraction, with a tinge of a foreshadowing; a subtle hum, a call to peer into, at something more.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> SINCE religion is a primitive form of philosophy—an attempt to offer a comprehensive view of reality—many of its myths are distorted, </i> <strong><i> dramatized allegories</i> </strong><i>  based on some element of truth, some actual, </i> <strong><i> if profoundly elusive</i> </strong><i> , aspect of man’s existence.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The astonishing discovery at the realization of the fact that a cone has a pointed top and circular base, not a circular top hollowed tapering off to its base at a point.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Morals have nothing to do with sociality.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Art is a selective re-creation of reality according to an artist’s metaphysical value-judgments.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An example of a perfect integration and projection of a normative abstraction is Jesus from the bible. An allusion to a statement from the psycho-epistemology of art is the failure of the law of Moses. <i> An exhaustive philosophical treatise defining moral values, with </i> <strong><i> a long list of virtues</i> </strong><i>  to be practiced, will not do it; it will not convey what an ideal man would be like and how he would act: no mind can deal with so immense a sum of abstractions. When I say “deal with” I mean retranslate all the abstractions into the perceptual concretes for which they stand—i.e., reconnect them to reality—and hold it all in the focus of one’s conscious awareness. There is no way to integrate such a sum without projecting an actual human figure—an integrated concretization that illuminates the theory and makes it intelligible. </i> Another quote: <i> Moral principles remain in their minds as floating abstractions, offering them a goal they cannot grasp and demanding that they reshape their souls in its image, thus leaving them with a burden of undefinable moral guilt. Art is the indispensable medium for the communication of a moral ideal. </i> Jesus is a beautiful attempt at well-crafted art. A model for Christians. <i> Without the assistance of art, ethics remains in the position of theoretical engineering: art is the model-builder.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>