<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_7" title="Thursday, May 7, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_7" title="Thursday, May 7, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, May 7, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: HOW TO HAVE A GOOD DAY</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Pobble Who Has No Toes by Edward Lear</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today, it is a neurotic day outside, but in here, it’s fine. I will be musing on what it was like with the silence, the fellowship of self, the devotion to the wonder.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Night Visions</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I dreamt of Stephanie this morning; it is a crazy one. We must have all started from the trap house, as we were on the lane heading away from there. I don’t ever visit that part of town for anything other than buying crack. There seemed to be a multitude behind us, a crowd of strangers, but it wasn’t overly contradicting; this crowd. If I had fans, they’d be in there. We had made it quite far from the trap house. On a motorcycle, three minutes, maybe. And now, we were close to the roundabout. We weren’t on the wrong side of the road, there is a ditch to the left, and by the right, is the other lane leading back to the trap house. Nothing was out of place, but slowly, the ground clambered, as if, it too had developed legs of its own. Strangely we all continued as if defying gravity. It was so cool, as I could see the big ditch, with those weird eyes that see the whole dream as a whole. I just went on like the others, I felt like Superman, as if aware and knowing of something more.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Dreams are like stories from a bunch of random cut out stencils. Next, we were under a flyover. No flyover actually exist there, instead a roundabout, then I was in an art studio, and in a laboratory; the final destination. There, I felt out of place, and woke up later. Good convalesce if you ask me?</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>