<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_1" title="Friday, May 1, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_1" title="Friday, May 1, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, May 1, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: MAKE CHARACTER YOUR LOUDEST STATEMENT</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Verses said to be written on the Union by Jonathan Swift</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today 1707, the axe of union between England and Scotland were passed, forming modern Great Britain.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>          The fine line that delineates what is important from what is not, the markridge, the bird on the ridge outback.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Avoid the menacing rhetoric half-sentence plague at cognition halting. It is the desire of they the impudent that lurk in the cold dark to fatigue your . . . Ariadne’s thread.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Death the one true god, the imperial leader of the brethren.<i>  The force that through the green fuse drives the flower… is my destroyer</i> . DYLAN THOMAS.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The beauty in aesthetics . . . like this album I’m currently listening to, <i> Art Angels</i>  by <i> Grimes</i>  - <i> World Princess part II</i>  . . . another reason for this input is to protest the not so recent suggestions from the collective hive mind who’s chosen to <i> reveal</i>  a daunting diminutive explanation: the reason why my dad’s house isn’t painted; a failure as unimpressive, I can’t remember. The subtle unapologetic reason seated on philosophical reason, debauching any subjective contingency I’m slating is a lack of a spiritual umbrella. I quote from Why Beauty Matters by Roger Scruton “<i> … why beauty matters. It is not just a subjective thing but a universal need of human beings. If we ignore this we find ourselves in a spiritual desert.</i> ” A reflection from my days of ingesting weed, I remember the epiphany from thought stirring, the revelation of abstainment. I had a moment of aha, <i> now I get it, I shouldn’t stay here</i> . The lack of colour leads to a depravity; a pernicious chronological transition leading to this. I can remember mom saying when she had me for dad, he had no sofa - you know what I mean - and when we moved into ours, we had no tv, mom got the one we used for years, the big inch one he got, barely was used, maybe it broke down, can’t remember. Anyway you get why it was a gradual apprehension, at least in relation to my aging and cognizance of it, the depravity existed in different forms, from the first bungalow with a living room with no curtains to the new house walls he concluded needed no colours.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Nietzsche knew our capacity to think wasn’t some free floating soul but was embedded in our physiology, constrained by our emotion, shaped by our motivation.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>