<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_26" title="Tuesday, May 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_26" title="Tuesday, May 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, May 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It should be no cue, as my instinctive decision to severe ties with old mates is a no brainer. My choice to spend time with a friend on his birthday led him, and not just his league of pals, but also a girl I’d held dear for a while, to sift through my actions for reckless volitions. An attack on what is most dear—my identity. The repudiation of a need for consciousness in wakefulness; the allure of blackout through an impersonation of my recent character, reiterated to me in conscious awakening. A foolproof frame-up to suggest of excesses ungrounded. Here goes another set of quotes from the Romantic Manifesto on Art: <i> One of the distinguishing characteristics of a work of art (including literature) is that it serves no practical, material end, but is an end in itself; it serves no purpose other than contemplation—and the pleasure of that contemplation is so intense, so deeply personal that a man experiences it as a self-sufficient, self-justifying primary and, often, resists or resents any suggestion to analyse it: the suggestion, to him, has the quality of an attack on his identity, on his deepest, essential self.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> No human emotion can be causeless, nor can so intense an emotion be causeless, irreducible, and unrelated to the source of emotions (and of values): to the needs of a living entity’s survival. Art does have a purpose and does serve a human need; only it is not a material need, but a need of man’s consciousness. Art is inextricably tied to man’s survival—not to his physical survival, but to that on which his physical survival depends: to the preservation and survival of his consciousness.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Note all these in light of my art. The attack on the validity of my artistic expression—denial of the efficacy of my consciousness; the negation of my fundamental understanding of reality—as a prelude to that which is essential—my consciousness. The defaming statement: <i> you said, consciousness isn’t important </i> is a direct inciting, a proposing of minimal intelligence—this being a form of the sub-animal, the instinctive, a semi-conscious wielding of a half-arsed brain wasted away, failed on abstinence; repetitive drug use—being smug okay in guiding and volitive excogitation.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I should remember the need; and utmost—to know of the things important, the things that matter most—is non-social. To remain conscious of this is important, as the inherent mode of intelligence in itself is insular, constantly regressing and gaining obsoleteness in ever growing complexity. The constant abstraction and assimilation of newly understood concepts is to redefine perceptual inference, the intuitive, and is to reprogram the subconscious. Intelligence in humans without conscious wielding is instinctive—impulse driven, a process, a form of distortion—and not learning, not progressive, it’s to return to the primitive, to leave evolution to the natural selection—a task of billion years. It doesn’t improvise.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Altruism the cancer of the 21<sup>st</sup> century, the cancerous outgrowth in communities; the birth child of culture. <i> One of the grimmest monuments to altruism is man’s culturally induced selflessness: his willingness to live with himself as with the unknown, to ignore, evade, repress the personal (the non-social) needs of his soul, to know least about the things that matter most, and thus to consign his deepest values to the impotent underground of subjectivity and his life to the dreary wasteland of chronic guilt. </i> One of the lethal contamination of the arts is the gradual pernicious encroachment; the spread of false ideals: culturally induced selflessness, the enjoyment of intelligible aesthetics, the failure to fight; to think. If art is the model-builder, what models are being churned out by modern culture? If this is true: <i> The basic purpose of art is not to teach, but to show—to hold up to man a concretized image of his nature and his place in the universe. </i> What image is being represented.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         How about a game of speak and kill, a peek a boo, Sermo Liber Vita Ipsa.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>