<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_October_31" title="Saturday, October 31, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="October_31" title="Saturday, October 31, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, October 31, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: YOU WERE BORN GOOD</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> Hallowe’en by John Kendrick Bangs</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> For Us, Who Dare Not Dare</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: MISSA PAPAE MARCELLI 1. KYRIE BY GIOVANNI PIERLUIGI DA PALESTRINA (1525–1594)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Here is a musing from days back:</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> The gibes I have to deal with all day from the prestidigitators, their obsequious lethargic ugly strident cries of malevolent despair, most times camouflaged with a pretence of superiority, in difference; the poisoning of the blood stream. In mask switching; the hail of being similar besides the difference. The dreaming; being the articulation of my thoughts, as they appear, brightest when adorned as they could be with actions. How adorned are your thoughts?</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> I meet up with myself in these writings, when questions are asked. My inner dialogue like a lake frozen, still waiting for the thaw season. The thaw season like every season, ephemeral, changing, as thoughts beg to be adorned in different ways. In action, in writing, in contemplation ... The thaw season the allegorical element to be left for contemplation. A cycle I think.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> If all these didn't happen, maybe that pinball ball would have destroyed me, a daemon process insisting to remain online, unsure of its validity, not out of a lack of resource; an incapability to keep running, an unwillingness to be the tributary.</i> </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <i> Like having a point of view and choosing not to have a point of view, my current dialectical opinion being of the opinion that one understanding of a system isn't good enough for understanding all systems. Put simply. </i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>