<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_September_26" title="Saturday, September 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="September_26" title="Saturday, September 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, September 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: WHAT TIME OFF IS FOR</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Wild Geese by Mary Oliver</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> No No No No</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: DU BIST DIE RUH – YOU ARE PEACE, D. 776 BY FRANZ SCHUBERT (1797–1828)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>
<p>         It’s 11:24 P.M and I have a reason to believe things are going the way they should, I sent mails earlier this morning to Jessica, I’ll add a text of it below. Well, explaining what has transpired today, today’s poem is a beautiful representation of how the year has been.</p><p>         I'm having cold coffee this morning Jess, I owe a lot to you . . . yeah . . . my sobriety . . . the video with the water bottle, that was it for me . . . I had been cutting out. "I'm done with your OC." I spoke with my dad, I apologized. I'm actually an arse. I guess the hearing voices thing has claimed a shad off my broken character. He was off with the talk of me being really sorry when in full awareness of his proclivities and reasons. It's fine now. I miss you. Will you never send me the video? Armstrong what a wonderful world . . . I've been a penfriend for a while now, I'm actually a lot. lol. You should text me . . . I saw a cut on your hands in a picture, it's been months, the one of you in the scrub’s end of a car, lol. Please remain you. I love you.</p><p><br></p>
    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
