<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_September_24" title="Thursday, September 24, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="September_24" title="Thursday, September 24, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, September 24, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: IT COULD HAPPEN TO YOU</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Autumn Fires by Robert Louis Stevenson</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> We Saw Beyond Our Seeming</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: LES BARICADES MISTÉRIEUSES BY FRANÇOIS COUPERIN (1668–1733) ARR. THOMAS ADÈS (B. 1971)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today, like every day of the past few months starts with the unappealing voices of the . . . holding my peace, stroking what’s left of my mental sanity. I heard so many voices listening to a song this morning, it was saddening, but I do it for me, not for anyone. The voices I guess keeps my inner-dialogue, and reminds me there is much to behaviour than self-talk.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>Here is the message I sent to Jessica yesterday:</p>
<p> </p>
    <p><i> Can you save my heavy dirty soul from me? how's your day been?</i> </p>

    <p><i> So here is what happened . . . Last week Tuesday I was away to a neighbouring state, it's called Osun, I was posted there for the NYSC program years back, it starts with a 3 weeks compound camping, after which I'm dispatched to a local district for a year program, but first I was to go home, take care of my needs. On getting back to Lagos before leaving for my house, I receive a phone call from my friend informing me on how he still needs me to come see him, we'd been talking for a while about me coming to spend time around. I arrive at his place; he resides in a hotel—he's from outside the state. I was with him a while, when I inform him on the program I was writing then, it's a publishing platform software, I had zipped a copy of it on my phone, it being the only thing I thought of all through the camping. He was happy and bit surprised to know I had started writing programs—we had been crack-buddies, tinkering with paid software back in uni. He informs me of a colleague who is currently working on a startup—we graduated the previous year—and how he's going in as a tech assistant, he implores me to join the train so I do. I sat in for the interview, and got employed. Few months in, the man—the colleague's uncle—wants me to work on the publishing platform for him. Two years later, I'm working with a startup I co-founded, and the NYSC program is totally out of view, it being the single program I need to get employed in the country. It was a total blow off. On quitting my startup due to the insidious effect of daily weed smoking and a new growing two, three months habit of crack, I decided to quit, on seeing my inability to stay away. Better to cut my money supply I thought. I had stayed clean for months, but working on a mixtape and having friends who smoked, popped pills, I never was a popper, it was difficult, and hey there had been some cool songs on staying sober, like Dance to this by Troye Sivan. lol.</i> </p>

    <p><i> On coming home, I had some new gigs, but I lost them all because my dad promised I was going for a Master’s program in Dubai, I couldn't 'cause I guess he tricked me, I don't trust him. I'm back, was supposed to leave for USA then the pandemic hits, what a crease. Here is the reason why I left for Osun to ascertain the state of the NYSC program. </i> </p>

    <p><i> In my freestyle I said something about being locked up with still no serving, I had no idea I said that at the time, my thoughts betray me always, sad. </i> </p>

    <p><i> The dudes in the state; the officers in charge of the re-mobilization program, had me pay back the allowances I got paid, two months before I absconded, why you may say? Because it was much of a strife for my comfortable lifestyle *coughs*. I just couldn't take the ride down, it was hours, but that wasn't it. I had been betrayed by my work colleagues on my last travel, my software had been pitched in the weekly weekend meetings. In perspective, it was what I interviewed with, I showed the "colleague's" uncle. It just wasn't fair to be treated that way. Meeting him, confronting him stating clearly that it was intellectual theft to have the company build a software I had started, being younger then and, naive I couldn't get into a proper deal with him, I settled for you'll be fine, and there was a great recording studio, a medium state of the art sorta, and I lived on premises, so I got opportunities to practice, though I never got to, I was way too busy writing the program.</i> </p>

    <p><i> Well, these folks are weird you know, he has me leave with the original copy of the issued receipt and, honestly I just knew something was off, his motions betrayed him, but hey why read meanings to things right? On getting back home I get into a I'm not down for this conversation with my dad and mail the PR section of the program, asking to be informed on what I was to do with the receipts, I had been told by the accountant to expect a call and a text message, this being the traditional way of announcements. It was some weird correspondence being I'd take on a more stilted approach with my word use. Nothing serious just a call of attention to the CC marker.</i> </p>

    <p><i> He sends me a message on Monday saying I was saying nonsense; sending messages to offices I had no business. All I did was follow instructions, on sending a request for publicly needed information, I was told to follow a link to complete my registration, I got a notification response stating my ineligibility to use the application and to report it to the state office, which I did.</i> </p>

    <p><i> The awful thing is, now I have to travel again, to submit the papers. Whose fault is that? Maybe mine for not being all knowing. </i> </p>

    <p><i> That's pretty much it.</i> </p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>