<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_September_30" title="Saturday, September 30, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="September_30" title="Saturday, September 30, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, September 30, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: YOU CAN’T TOUCH ME</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: Thirty Days Hath September by Anon.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> The Calling of Names</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: ‘AU FOND DU TEMPLE SAINT’ – ‘AT THE BACK OF THE HOLY TEMPLE’ FROM THE PEARL FISHERS BY GEORGES BIZET (1838–1875)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Today is a cool day, cool coffee cups, two now, I sent mails to Jess, I’ll include them below:</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p>Sep 29, 2020, 10:23 PM</p>

    <p>         Let me introduce myself, my name is Theo. I don't know if you know me, but it's been sockets of stowed hardy balls prying the internet, till I found you. Yes, am I a logic fan? I was, still am, how did that</p>

    <p>happen? well, back in university, my friends hit me with all the good stuff and one summer, I was home and really got laid back, I mean talk of laid back, and it happened for me . . .</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p>Today 12:47 PM</p>

    <p>         Ooookay . . . the prying part isn't all together true, more like surfing. Forgive my ill pedantry, but my foraging has been a sort of prying ever since . . . um . . . I heard my name in the positivity clip . . . I'd like to write you finishing the previous mail, but Jess I really need to know what it was about the name theonightswan on Instagram and EveValence on Twitter that caught your attention, if it is . . . I guess I didn't . . . I have no idea lol. Jess, I'm not happy. Though nothing could be more excitingly sputtering right now than this little "out of my reality grip" thing you've got going. Remember when I said "How can lies be cues if truth is but an impression, what am I missing?" Yesterday I was by myself. Not really, I never am, it's a bypass usually to articulate my thoughts as close as my frayed, exhausted brain would let me. But yesterday I got to it—I still get to do things lol—and it precipitated up, through all those strands of drenched neurons soaked up in Jess' mirth, and I got it, Now I can't remember, you know why? I figured you understand. The crux of this message is to ascertain, yes you see my messages, oooh he's still on that . . . well what else? No funeral at this ending. Only a rebirth my love . . . you've killed me:)</p>

    <p><br/></p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
