<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_September_22" title="Tuesday, September 22, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="September_22" title="Tuesday, September 22, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, September 22, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: NO PAIN, NO GAIN</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: An Old Woman of the Roads by Padraic Colum</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p> To A Freedom Fighter</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Today's Musical</b>: WER DANK OPFERT, DER PREISET MICH – HE WHO GIVES THANKS, PRAISES ME, CANTATA BWV 17 PART 2, NO. 7 CHORALE: ‘WIE SICH EIN VATER ERBARMET’ – ‘AS A FATHER HAS MERCY’ BY JOHANN SEBASTIAN BACH (1685–1750)</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p><p> </p><p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         It’s a good morning, Jess has me always, on waking up today she has three stories on Instagram, and she cues on brushing before sleeping, only for me to wake up with a slight tooth ache, weird right? She deletes the story shortly though. It’s good to be back journaling.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         My ego has been hurt before, and it made me cry. I've been without love; the longing for, it trickled, but not once have I under prodding or swat in psychological anguish—maybe lasering down to the moment’s hit, it almost welled up, but never with too many hits in succession—coiled away. These thoughts appeared why listening to the Chromatica album, Sine from above; my first listen. Sucks hey, at least you make em cry, it’s worse dear.</p>

    <p> </p><p> </p>

  </section>

</body>

</html>